# Episode Two: Kim vs Golem

She hung upside down by the harness, deep inside the bowels of the machine. Not literally, that would be gross. And the bowels were more of a repurposed rock crusher that could isolate and separate raw material before processing it into something more helpful.

Sweat ran down her bright-pink face, as she regretted the size of the brim on her hat. It was clamped on tightly by a chin strap, and she wasn't about to remove it just because it was uncomfortable. Besides, her mouth was full of loose screws, held gently between her teeth.

She grunted and punched the jammed wrench, eyes widening and flailing for it widely as it fell from place like it hadn't just been immovable. She missed and winced as she heard it falling away beneath her, striking and bouncing off several important and delicate parts.

"Kim! I know you're there!" A voice shouted from outside the mechanism, and she sighed, spitting the screws into her hand, "Just a minute, my queen."

"Seriously? I've been standing here waiting! You've been hiding, again!"

She pulled a stone from her pocket, the screws jumping onto it, and stuck the magnet against the side of the machine and began winding in her harness, "No, my queen. Just busy, that's all. You know how I get."

Kim emerged from the top, and flipped upright, wiping the sweat with the back of her grease-stained hand, "How can I help?"

The queen looked up, pushing up the brim of her perfectly white hat, and frowned, "Can you... Help hide me?"

Kim unstrapped, dropping onto the maintenance corridor for accessing the golem, and picked up her broom, gliding down to the factory floor. "Haven't you been here a while? Wouldn't whatever adviser have found you by now?"

Chloe smiled nervously, and pulled a vial of clear liquid from a pouch on her belt, "Cryaqua, as passed down by my mother's mother. Well, almost. I made it last a teensy bit longer."

Kim looked at the potion curiously, noting a few snowflakes inside it, "Cool. So it turns you into an ice sculpture?"

"More makes you as clear as ice." Chloe said and then sighed, "Anyways. The advisers have suitors lined up in the throne room. Again."

Kim grinned at her, "That time again?"

Chloe looked at her desperately, and Kim relented, "Fine. I guess you can have... Golem N2041!"

With the shout one of the metallic creatures lining the walls jerked forward. It lumbered over, shaking the ground, and bent down. The front of the stomach opened into a series of stairs, leading to a small seat with a series of controls around it.

Kim rubbed the side of her head, "Careful. This is a new line. They're more complicated than what you're used to. More sensitive controls, but faster to move. They're for the new rule enforcement group you said you wanted to put together."

"Law enforcement." Chloe corrected as she inelegantly climbed into the seat, her hat brim bending against the sides of the control sphere. She turned around, and smiled at her, "Thanks, Kim."

The golem closed, and then stood upright slowly. Kim dove to the side as the driver took over and it jerked towards her. She rolled her eyes as it slowly jerked out of the room and made for the city.

Chloe could have potentially teleported away, using any number of summoning spells, but most were blocked within the inner city, to reduce crime and help protect the royal family. The same royal family who was very intent on running away from her responsibilities.

One of the workers nearby put down his tools and walked over, "There's going to be hell to pay when her godmothers found out you helped her."

Kim laughed, "Hell to pay if I didn't. She's still the queen. Say, weren't you supposed to be fitting the brakes to the N2041, today?"

The worker shrugged, "Phil said to focus on the 43. It's got a test pilot tomorrow. We weren't planning on using the... The..."

The man trailed off as he slowly realised what he had done. Kim pulled a potion from her work belt and slammed it into the ground, "Teknovore!"

The ground wrapped up around her quickly, stumbling upright as she grabbed the runestones that made the emergency golem work, and she fell head over heels as she tried to sprint from the room.

The golem really wasn't meant for rapid movement, or comfort. She kept hitting her head against the runic display in front of her as she tried to navigate using it. The thing only updated once every few seconds, making it difficult to know where you were, or if there was anything in the way, like people.

She might have sent an emergency signal to Chloe, and told her of the danger, but that particular golem was designed to be immune to magic. She'd had to jury-rig a communication system using electromagnetic waves, but that system wasn't complete yet. It was what she'd been fitting to the other one when the queen had turned up in the workshop.

A red spark suddenly appeared in front of her face, and zipped beside her ear, "Always trying to do things on your own, aren't you, Kim? Well, I heard two out of control golems were rampaging downtown."

She grinned, despite herself. She would have prepared to handle this on her own, but if there was anyone who could help, then it would be Dan. She felt the magic hit the golem, and it drifted skyward for a moment as the stones rearranged, and the cockpit became roomier. A feathery pillow took shape above the console, and the screen became a three-dimensional display.

She landed, running again, and saw the trail the queen had taken. She frowned and tapped a communication button on the screen, "Dan, you hearing me?"

"Easily." The witch replied, "Looks like Chloe has realised something is wrong. She's trying to move away from the population areas."

"Can you actually see her golem? It seems to be flickering in and out, here." Kim said, hoping that she was wrong.

"Nope." Dan replied, "Seems like Cryaqua. Which is surprising, considering the anti-magic you built into that prototype. Also, I thought Cryaqua could only last a few seconds."

"Chloe improved it." Kim said, wincing, "Let's hope it isn't going to disappear altogether, anytime soon."

Dan's voice crackled, as if she were busy, "I'm holding back a few fires out here. Broken stuff, cracked buildings. The usual chaos. Can you handle bringing it to a stop?"

"Got it." Kim replied, her eyes focusing, "Thanks for the assist."

The witch's golem rounded a corner, and grabbed a building and launched over it and into the air, she spun, landing carefully between two transport golems, before continuing forward on a sprint.

She smiled as she neared it, "Almost there."

The golem tackled towards where she hoped the queen's golem was, hoping to activate the countermeasures that would also make use of an airjump, and stop the mechanism in its tracks.

She hit something, solid and heavy, but she also heard a chilling series of screams, and a rune on the display vanished. Kim let the teknovore collapse, and found herself sitting atop a flickering golem, which had opened, as if the pilot had left.

She scratched her head in confusion, and then squealed in surprise and fear as skeletal hands grabbed her and dragged her into the ground. She burst out of the ground, coughing dirt and rock, looking around in confusion.

On either side of her she saw the other witches. Chloe and Dan, who seemed just as surprised and fearful as she was. Kim looked up slowly, and saw a rug spread out on the grass, covered in cakes and drinks.

Sin waved at them excitedly, "I thought you might have forgot, so I summoned you!"

Dan stood up, glaring, "You idiot. We were dealing with an out of control golem in the middle of Wizeria!"

Sin looked at her, hurt, and then pulled her hat down, "I'm sorry. I'll send you back."

"No way!" Chloe burst out, running over and jumping onto the rug, "Suitors? I knew I'd forgot something today. Thanks, Sin."

The hedgewitch beamed at her, as Dan bristled. Kim stood up, stretching, "You know, I did stop it. We can let the other witches deal with it. As for me... Got any coffee?"

A skeleton reared up out of the ground, and spluttered, speaking hoarsely, "How... Do... You take... Your coffee?"

Kim shrugged, "Black, thank you."

"Gathered from... the ashen voids... in between the Overworld... and Underworld." The skeleton cried, and poured a metal thermos into a white porcelain cup. Kim took it gratefully, try to ignore the ick left behind by its touch and sat down on the rug with the others.

She turned and looked pointedly up at Dan, and blinked in surprise as she found her already sitting on a chair that had grown up out of the ground, covered in vines and thornless roses. Dan was pretending not to smile as she sipped her tea.

A skeleton crawled out of the ground beside her with a soulless scream, causing the witch to almost scream, and held out a small jar, "Sugar?"
