# Episode Three: Chloe vs Politics

She sat on the throne, and felt her heart drop as her white witches hat was snatched away, and a silver crown was placed on her head. It felt ridiculously heavy. It was. She was supposed to be the queen of the whole of Wizeria.

At the same time, she was also the last in the line of the Cryomancers. Every female in her entire family had been a cryomancer, back until her great-great-great grandmother who had invented the ice magic herself.

Her mother, and her two aunts, were her godmothers. They were supposed to be teaching her all about the family magic, to ensure that she knew it all, and was as good as they were in their day. Which was completely unattainable. Her mother alone had filled an entire library with unique spells.

The adviser sighed, and ticked an item off his schedule for the day, and looked at her, "Shall we go through the significant items that require your attention today, your highness?"

She blew a strand of her hair, "Fine."

"Item Two: A review of appropriate etiquette when speaking with members of the royal court."

Chloe sat up quickly, almost dislodging her crown, "Nope. I'm fine. I can be a perfectly well behave lady, Adviser Khan."

He frowned, "We'll circle back to that one. Item Three: The aftermath of the golem prototype has been mostly contained, but there are a number of structures that sustained damage, and a very long series of complaints."

Chloe drummed her fingers, "... And?"

Khan shrugged, "We do not have the funds necessary to pay everyone off. Many wish to sue the crown."

Chloe smiled slowly, as a devious thought hit her, "Send invitations to Dan, and to Sin, to join us with the complainers."

"Plaintiffs." Khan corrected, "For what purpose, my queen?"

She glared at him, "I'm sorry, did I stutter?"

Khan sighed and rolled back the paper on his clipboard, and began to write a series of flourishing letters. Chloe snatched them, and pressed her clear wand into the paper, whispering quietly. She tossed the two letters in the air, "Temporalis borealis!"

The letters shrank out of sight as the world around them distorted and displaced them. It was one of her own spells, she hadn't tried it out beyond experimenting in a pocket dimension, but it should work in the real world as well. Strictly speaking, it wasn't an ice spell, or any tribe's spell. It used all of them, to some effect.

Khan sighed heavily, "Appropriate use of magic, my queen?"

She frowned, glaring at him, "You know, I have been wondering if that spell will work the same way on living flesh. I'm not sure."

The adviser said nothing more, but she could feel his continued disapproval. She wasn't supposed to be the threatening one. Cryomancers were solid and stable, and changed little over time. It was the necromancers who were supposed to be the scary ones. Not that Sin was particularly frightening.

Dan appeared in a glow of light, and bowed, "How may I assist you, my queen?"

Chloe waited, smiling, and waited some more and then sighed, looking at the still empty floor, "Dan, sorry to ask, but can you go see why Sin isn't here yet?"

The witch spun up a globe of light in her hand, and frowned, "It appears that the hedgewitch is running from an oversized spider. I believe it swallowed your letter. Shall I fetch her?"

Chloe sighed, "Please. And stop the spider, too."

The animancer nodded, and disappeared in another glow of light. Before it had even faded from the edge of her vision she was back, holding a shivering hedgewitch covered in spider webs and dripping with venom.

Chloe grinned, "I've got work for you two."

Dan bowed her head, instantly accepting. Sin looked at her and scratched the back of her head nervously, taking off her hat, "I'm sort of busy... There's an infestation in the lower... Areas..."

Dan rolled her eyes, "The slums. You can call them what they are, little exterminator."

Chloe spoke up before the two could start arguing, "Kingdom is paying. And Dan did help with that spider."

"Spiderling." Sin corrected, shivering.

Chloe nodded to her adviser, "Bring in the... Plaintiffs."

He bowed and moved off, and returned with a group of angry people. Most of them had come, ready to scream and shout and Chloe would do just about anything she could to avoid something like that. She got enough from her godmothers.

The queen stood, "I understand that many of you wish to file complaints against the crown, regarding the recent incident involving one of the prototype law enforcement golems."

She held up a hand to stop the yelling, "You are entitled to do so. I am instituting two repair methods today. If you wish to drop your claim, then repairs will be expedited under the guidance of our chief animancer, Danniere. If you, however, wish to proceed with your claim, the allocation of resources will mean that repairs will be seen to with a lesser priority, under the guidance of the witch, Sin."

The grumbling people looked from one witch to the other. From the radiant and still-attractive witch in a male body who was known to be the very best her lineage had ever produced, capable of channeling magic that few even thought was possible, to the hedgewitch with the wornout floppy hat and cat-scratched boots.

Chloe blinked in surprise as she saw the white cat purring as it rubbed up against Sin. She hadn't seen it arrive, or felt it either. Just another weird thing that happened around her friend.

Sin smiled sweetly, "I'll do my very best."

Chloe stifled her giggle as the crowd erupted into a clamour of voices asking for Dan to repair their house, and dropping any claim against the crown, promising not to sue so long as the hedgewitch was kept far away.

Only one stubborn face refused. The old woman looked Sin up and down, and sneered, "Do you even know any magic?"

Sin smiled, "Yes! I'm the last of the Necromancers of Wizeria!"

"A necromancer, huh?" The old woman spat, "I guess you're another useless dolt. I want my house fixed by the time I get back from the market."

Sin frowned, "Where do you live, then?"

"21 Eastar Road." The old woman stated, and turned to leave. As she did, Sin jerked her wand into the air, and Chloe winced. She knew her friend always tried to overdo things, and now would be one of those times.

"Portentia potentia!" Sin yelled loudly, black smoke fuming out of her wand as she nearly drained the leyline dry. The ground around her throne room burst open, bricks thrown around wildly as skeletons began marching up and out of the Underworld.

Each marched passed Sin, greeted her, and then was sent to a foreman, who seemed to be a floating apparition of some kind. Sin beamed, proud of herself. It was a ridiculously large army to summon to repair a single house, and Chloe was questioning why Sin hadn't used it to deal with the spiders.

Dan inched over to her, and whispered, "I don't know how Sin is doing it, but there wasn't enough magic left over in the leyline to bind that many souls. That's an out of control undead army."

Chloe swallowed nervously, watching carefully, and then whispered back, "Do you get the feeling... That they know her?"

Dan looked at the witch shaking skeletal hands, and frowned, "Huh. Maybe."

Chloe nodded, "Yeah, I'm sure of it. Sin actually knows their names. I didn't realise that demonic entities had names."

"True names are used for bindings." Dan replied, "However, I have never known a demonic entity to willingly give up their true name. Sin is a mystery, as always."

Chloe laughed, "Nah. She's simple. She might be last in the necromantic line of witches, but what Sin is... Is nice."
