# Episode Four: Dan vs Womanhood

She was perfect.

That was the lesson that the Godmothers of the Tribe of Animancy continued to attempt to drill into her skull at every opportunity. The other apprentices attempted to reach for perfection, but Danniere had achieved it.

She did not eat in front of others, as she was perfect and was beyond the limitations of mortality. Or that was the impression it was supposed to give of.

She had no bowel movements, and that she was closeted away in intensive studies once a month was a complete coincidence and nothing at all to do with being born female.

Born female.

Transforming from one living thing to another required absolutely fantastic amounts of magic. It was ridiculous to pretend that she had accidentally accessed the raw and all powerful magic of creation itself to try and transmute herself from female to male. But, the godmothers accepted it, and continued to heap praise on her, unless anyone dared to ask if it really was an accident.

The real problem, she thought to herself as her face went bright red with effort, was that it hadn't worked.

Oh, she looked male to most people. She made sure to wear the tightest pants she could pull up without tearing, to show off the bits a girl never has. What nobody saw was the other pattern if she bent over.

She grabbed the edge of her seat, eyes watering as the clot made its way out. Followed by the extremely uncomfortable feeling that always followed. She bit her lip to stop from bursting into tears.

She had done her best to change herself. She'd rewritten her own body at an alchemical level, something nobody had ever done successfully before. Or ever, as it turned out. Instead of rewriting her makeup from female to male, she'd ended up with both. The worst of both worlds.

She couldn't cry. If she did, a spell would notify her godmothers, and they would lecture her on perfection, and force her to undertake some task. Like refusing to cry whilst watching a marathon of tragedy plays. To show no interest at all.

Like any girl on her period could fail to cry with that much raw emotion on the stage. She adored the plays, and found herself moved by them, even when she wasn't a mess of hormones. Which was never, now that she'd screwed with her alchemical nature.

She finished cleaning, hating herself even more, and waddled back to the bedroom, pausing as she detected another presence in the room. She pushed the door open slowly, forcing a total composure on herself. She entered, looking down with distaste at the witch crashed out on her bed, asleep.

Dan glared and produced her wand, poking the witch in the cheek. "For what purpose have you entered my personal space?"

Sin swatted at the wand, rolling over, "No... I don't wanna get up... You can blow it up yourself..."

What kind of people were her godmothers? Dan didn't know a lot about them, despite knowing more about everything than just about everyone. All she really knew was that everyone had thought the necromancy tribe was dead and buried, when the three had turned up to take Sin on as their apprentice.

"Do I look like a necromancer, feeble creature?"

Sin sat up quickly, blinking and rubbing her eyes, "Oh. Sorry, Dan. I guess I got tired waiting for you."

"Why are you here?" She snapped, one of her eyes bulging, "This is my room. My personal space."

Sin smiled up at her sheepishly, "Because nobody else knows. And I thought it would be nice for you to have some company. I brought chocolates."

Dan collapsed onto the edge of the bed, instantly regretting sitting down so quickly, and put her head in her hands, "What do you think you know, Sin?"

"I'm a necromancer." Sin stated flatly, "Do you think your ancestors aren't floating around here? Your grandmother is really sweet, actually. Though, she thinks cabbage leaves are the cure to everything. Which is weird."

Dan looked up at her, "What do you know, Sin?"

The hedgewitch hid behind her hat, "That... You... Still... Sometimes... Have... Lady problems... Which means..."

Dan held up a hand, "Enough information. Have you talked to anyone about this?"

"Your grandmother, obviously." Sin shrugged, "Your grandfather is kinda creepy and asks about it. Though, I think he's just excited to find out if he will have a grandson. Your great aunt, Cynthia, is also a crazy gossip. Proud of it, even. Uhm... Who else? Yu, I think her name is. Elderly, cyromancer. I think she's more of a distant great cousin or something..."

Dan rolled her eyes, "Anybody living!?"

"No." Sin replied in surprise, as if that particular stipulation had never occurred to her. "Well, kind of? Snowball is a dead lord inside a cat's body, after all. But he's easy to distract if you have tuna. And he's a cat. He can smell you... Is that why you don't have a familiar?"

Dan sighed, relaxing, "Good... No, actually. A cyromancer cannot have a familiar. It would be an apparent weakness, unless the familiar was of an extremely rare and perfect breed, such as a unicorn."

Sin blew her hair up, "Godmothers, right? Always in the way."

Dan lay down on the bed tiredly, "They're not so bad. Yours allow you free rein. You came here, right?"

"No I didn't." Sin laughed, "I'm in my room, studying, like a good evil witch. I did not sneak out the window, and I certainly didn't use my wand to get here, because I'm banned from using magic for a week. For using necromancy to serve tea and cakes."

Dan looked up at the witch as she dropped onto her bed, and smiled, "You said something about chocolate?"

Sin dropped a small cloth bag on her face, "Sorry, not much."

Dan moved her head, dropping the bag beside her, "Animatia automatia!"

There was a squirm, and then a line of chocolates began marching up her. They paused, and then one jumped up towards her mouth. She flicked it, and heard Sin catch it. She deserved to share them.

After all, it was absolutely clear that Sin had spent every cent she had on the chocolates, which was sweet. Dan felt it melting in her mouth as one leapt into it. They were cheap. She could taste the sugar in them. They weren't chocolate, they were confectionery.

She reached over, and squeezed Sin's hand, trying to ignore the horrible aftertaste that she was so unused to, "Thanks for sneaking out. It is appreciated."

Sin squeezed back, "Anything for a friend."

Dan almost burst into tears at that. She knew she was mean to Sin. Always. Yet, here the witch was, risking the wrath of her necromantic godmothers of mythic reputation, and spending her entire pocket money on her.

She changed her mind and burst into actual tears.

Sin rolled over, kneeling and looking down at her, "Hey, Dan. What's the matter? Did I do something wrong?"

Dan laughed, wiping her face, "No. Idiot. I'm just hormonal."

Sin shrugged, "So we should do something. I know! Go see a play!"

The door burst open, revealing a serene woman dressed in perfect white. The edge of her hat's brim was gold lace. She spoke quietly, without emotion, "What is the failing?"

"Of you?" Sin laughed, "Well, Cynthia says you're a stuck up, irritating, half-rate witch, who is always picking on her great niece, and that she'll back up your toilet and flood your bedroom if you do it again."

Dan sat up quickly, "Forgive her, godmother."

Sin shrugged, "I could let her tell you, herself. Bringing a ghost across the veil for a short time is dead easy."

Her godmother looked at the room, and glared, "Tell me, daughter, why is there a necromancer inside your bedroom?"

Dan stood up, glaring, "She's my friend, mother. You can control my destiny, you have my magic in your hands. I will learn everything you know. I eat what you tell me, when you tell me. I bathe when you say. All of my life is yours... But you are not getting rid of my friends. Especially not Sin."

Sin scratched her head, "Must be weird having a mum for a godmother."

The woman glared at Sin for a long time, and then frowned, and looked over at her, "Is your friend too stupid to know when she is unwanted?"

Dan smiled slowly, "Oh. You can't banish her, can you? Animancy doesn't work on necromancers."

"Doesn't it?" Sin asked in surprise, "I kind of skipped that chapter. Too many old witch names to memorise."

Dan rolled her eyes, "No, it doesn't. You really should actually study, sometimes. None of our magic can remotely touch you. The effects can, but nothing direct."

Sin nodded, "Oh. That's disappointing. I always wanted to know what it would feel like to be a bird. Guess that dream is dead."

Her mother looked at the two of them curiously, and sighed, "I relent. You may keep this thing as a pet."

She left, closing the door, as Dan turned to Sin in shock, "That is the first time she has ever taken anything back. Even if she didn't acknowledge you as my equal."

Sin picked up a chocolate, looking at it rolling around happily in her hand, "You're amazing, Dan. I guess I'll never know what it's really like."

Dan winced, "You started out as an animancer, didn't you?"

"I killed my seeds." Sin said, remembering.

Dan looked at the open window, "I can't turn you into a bird... But I do have a giant flying pterodactyl. Want to -"

"Yes!" Sin interrupted, looking at her wide-eyed with excitement.
