# Episode Five: Sin vs Hera

She paced the bloody circle on the ground of the cave, eyes wide in the flickering candle light. She intoned slowly, meaningfully, "By darkest night, by brightest day, these three things unite. Of blood, and bone, and sinew! Stitch the universe together, bring to life where there was none!"

There was a cracking sound that deafened her, shaking the dust from the ceiling of the cave. She rubbed her ears, watching the centre of the circle carefully, as the creature stirred slowly.

A patchwork of stitches tightened slowly around the form, holding it together as it rose unnaturally, with movements that would break a human spine. The creature roared, its voice echoing in the dark cave.

Sin crouched and held out her hands as the teddy bear ran towards her. She picked it up and squeezed lightly, spinning as she grinned to the whole world. She'd done it! She made something adorable!

She shoved bear behind her as she heard the door slam open. She looked up at her godmother, that tall one. The woman looked down, "Did I hear the Forbidden Rite of the Homunculus?"

Sin nodded sheepishly, and felt an overwhelming shame as her godmother looked at her proudly, "Oh, Sin. I knew you could do it. You're a necromancer at heart! So, show me. What dark monster did you conjure into this world?"

Sin went to pretend as if she'd failed, as if she had got some small detail of the rite wrong, but the teddy jumped upwards onto her shoulder, and swayed cutely, looking at her godmother.

The woman swayed, falling back against the door, "It's not horrible! It's... It's... Adorable. Sin... What have you done?"

She pulled her hat off her head slowly, "I... Didn't mean for you to find out..."

"Hyacinth Rasputin Artur!" Her godmother yelled as she recovered, "You will slay this beast and summon a more appropriate guardian to drag its immortal soul to the Underworld! Immediately!"

She bit her hat nervously, "... No?"

The crone drew herself upright, the shadows deepening in the room. She drew her wand slowly, and glared down at Sin, "Are you challenging me, goddaughter?"

Sin's teeth bit through the hat. She reached up and gently removed the chunk and dropped it to the ground. She sighed, feeling her shoulders droop, and dropped the hat altogether.

She blinked back tears, "I am not killing Mr. Wumples."

The crone smiled slowly, "Fine. So long as you can prove you deserve to make your own decisions. The time has come, goddaughter. I will fight you. If you lose, you will do as I say."

Sin glared at her, "I don't want to fight you. I just want a friend."

"I am not your friend. That beast is not worthy of existing." The crone snapped, "You are unworthy of the title of necromancer!"

The ground on either side of Sin exploded as gigantic ghouls came crawling up out of the Underworld. The hedgewitch jumped backwards, tossing a green potion from her pouch. The two ghouls reeled as the stench hit them, reminding them of being alive. The smell of dirt after rain.

Sin drew her wand, as her godmother fired a spell towards her, "Regretus Manifestus!"

The young hedgewitch blinked in surprise, and looked at the images dancing around her. "My regrets? Really? That's it? I regret everything, godmother!"

She ignored the regrets, as she always did, and waved her own wand, "Oblivia Darkus!"

The crone knocked the curse aside, "Mobius dimensia! Is that all you can summon, little witch? Your power is nothing!"

Sin looked at her dumbly, and waved her wand, "Mobius dimensia?"

The crone spun around in surprise as the dark oblivion hit her and dragged her inside the empty pocket dimension. It was surprising to Sin too. This was far too easy. Her godmother should have known that Sin could just redirect it again.

The teddy bear ran over to her, hugging her leg excitedly. Sin shook her head, "It isn't over yet, Mr. Wumples... What would I do...?"

She grabbed the teddy bear and jumped to the side, "Creepius summonae!"

The skeletal hands reached up and grabbed her, yanking her down into the Underworld as the pocket dimension suddenly expanded behind her. A world-destroying spell if her godmother didn't control it.

Sin hadn't set an endpoint when she'd used her summoning spell on herself. As far as she knew, she was the only witch to have found out what happens when you did that. One of her godmothers, the nice one, had written a lot about her theory, that a witch that did that would dissolve into the void between worlds. Sin had thought that sounded like crap.

As it turned out, she was right.

Instead of going anywhere, the skeletons dropped you off into the Underworld. A place full of creatures pissed at witches for summoning them at all times, expecting instant and complete obedience, and ripping away their self control.

Sin rolled as she hit the rough rock, and sat up, holding her head. She was dizzy. A gigantic hand held itself out to her, "Sin."

She took it gratefully, "Hey, Beelzebub. You haven't seen my godmother, have you?"

The demon king shrugged, "I believe she thinks you have perished, and she is now engaged in an angry and depressed debate with her sisters."

Sin winced, "Oh. Whoops. She's going to be so mad."

The king sat down, smiling at her, "It can wait. It is not often that I get to converse with someone without imagining ripping their spine out through their throats. Did you bring any cupcakes?"

Sin sat in front of him, taking a breather, "No, sorry. I'd just made a living teddy bear. Godmother Hera was not very happy with me. Using necromancy for something cute like that is a teensy tiny bit absolutely massively heretical."

Beelzebub grinned, showing off his bloodied fangs, "I would suppose so. You are an interesting witch, Sin. You have the power to create life itself from the power of death, a rare ability. Difficult. And you use it to make your life... Cuter. I think your life philosophy is fascinating."

Sin sighed, "Sometimes... I feel like my godmothers are right. That I'm an insult to every necromancer that has gone before me."

The demon king looked at her and shook his head, "You may be unconventional, little witch, but you are wrong. You are worthy of being named the greatest of your coven to have ever lived. You know the True Name of the King of the Underworld. Can any of your kind say the same?"

Sin smiled sheepishly, "I guess. But I'm not exactly willing to bind you, am I?"

"Then summon me." He smiled, "I consent to be summoned as spectacle to your godmothers of your raw and terrifying power. That you are something that they should be proud of."

"You're sweet." Sin smiled and shrugged, "But, no. No... I have to be me. No shortcuts on this one. But thank you."

He nodded, "As you wish, but never call me sweet again or I will disembowel you."

She giggled and stood up, "I'll bring cupcakes next time. See you, Beezle."

He growled angrily at the nickname, but the young hedgewitch didn't notice as she waved her wand. The skeletal hands reached down from above and grabbed her, dragging her up and back into the Overworld.

She appeared in the middle of the lounge room, her three godmothers in the middle of waving wands and spells at each other, whilst Snowball screamed next to his empty food bowl.

Godmother Hera looked at her, tears in her eyes, "You're alive?"

Sin shrugged, "Sorry. I was in the Underworld, talking to the King of Demons. He isn't too bad, once you get to know him. Bit of a sweet tooth."

Hera grabbed her by the shoulders, "What in the Underworld were you thinking? Firing an incomplete spell like that?"

Sin smiled at her, "That... Wasn't the first time I've done that. I just wasn't convinced that you ended up between places. It didn't make sense. So... I did all the theory, and then I tested it. With a ghoul, first. Then Snowball."

The cat yelled angrily. Not about what she'd just said, about the empty food bowl.

Hera nodded slowly, "You've been experimenting with magic that allows you safe passage to the Underworld. Where you've... Befriended... The King of Demons."

The nice one, Godmother Lydia, smiled, "That's very impressive dear. We're quite proud of you. Angry, but proud. We will allow you to keep your stuffed bear... But I'm afraid, we have to punish you for being reckless."

Hera glared, "Yes. You are banned from using magic for the next two weeks. And now more going out to see your friends. You are grounded. You can leave the house, but not the grounds. Is that clear?"

Sin looked down sadly, "Yes. I'm sorry."

An ear-splitting screech hit them, and all four witches glared at the cat. He motioned a paw towards his mouth.
