# Episode Six: Kim vs Leyline

Dan shrugged, "So, I guess that she got grounded for using the Forbidden Rite of the Homunculus to create a teddy bear. Which makes a certain sort of sense, I guess. That magic was forbidden for its ability to create artificial sentient life. She was extremely wasteful."


Kim was insanely jealous. Her entire reason for being was experimenting with tekmagic for creating artificial life, and Sin went and did it and even got in trouble for doing it properly. Kim had never got close to making proper artificial intelligence.

A sentient golem was something she had been theorising about for years, but had never been able to bring to fruition. All the other tekmancers mocked her for even trying. Succeeding would break the known rules of tekmancy. It would be an entirely new field of magic to explore.

"Kim?"

She shook her head, "Sorry, daydreaming. It sucks... But I don't see how we can do anything, really. I don't even know where Sin lives, do you?"

Dan's face went bright red, "Actually... Yes?"

Kim glared, "Judging from your expression you didn't find out by being invited over. What did you do, this time?"

"Nothing!" Dan held up her masculine hands, "I swear! It's just... Sin was really nice to me the other day, so I let her fly my pterodactyl. She was running late, so she got me to fly her home."

Kim blinked slowly and frowned, "Chloe has been asking for a ride on that dinosaur for two years. And you let Sin actually fly it? Just how nice was she?"

Dan sighed, "Its private. But... She stood up for me, in front of my mother, who is also my godmother."

"Oh wow." Kim grinned, "That's amazing. I can see why you felt guilty."

Dan glared at her, "I was not feeling guilty."

"Yes, you were." Kim laughed, "But I'll forget about that. So, we know where Sin is. Can we actually do anything nice for her? I mean... The Necromantic Godmothers. I don't want to give them reason to try and turn me into a zombie, do you?"

Dan smiled, "Actually, yeah, I have an idea. You know Sin's terrible hat?"

Kim rolled her eyes, "I think she made that back when she was an animancer. It was a failed transformation project or something. But she liked it, so she kept it."

"It got wrecked." Dan replied, "Sin bit a chunk out of it, and then it got blown to hell in the ensuing fight with her godmother."

Kim glared at her suspiciously, "You are remarkably well informed. How?"

"I've been feeding Snowball." Dan said sheepishly, "I'm not allowed a pet... But if it is Sin's cat, then the godmothers don't really notice..."

Kim frowned, "You speak cat?"

"Yeah, it's an animal." Dan shrugged, "Quite eloquent for a cat. Snowball claims to be a lord's soul trapped in a cat's body by Sin... But all cats claim to be kings or princes or whatever."

"So... You came to me to make the hat?"

Dan shook her head, "I'm making the main piece of the hat, as best as I can, but I thought it'd be really fun if we could add a little extra. Something we can all have."

Kim grinned slowly, "You want me to hook our hats up together?"

"I can't have it on my hat. The godmothers would disapprove." Dan stated, "But, a badge type thing... Technology is not my thing. I was hoping you might have ideas."

"A badge that can use the leylines as a way of transferring information..." Kim frowned, "I've got some ideas. The display in a golem is similar, but not really. Same principles."

Dan blinked.

Kim laughed, "If I'm right, this is a brand new way of using tekmagic, but it will allow us to communicate over long distances, clearly, and without the lag of the emeragus system, or the urgency."

"Like the short-distance way of talking we can use in the city?" Dan raised her eyebrow, "I thought that was limited to a distance of a couple leagues."

Kim nodded, "It is, but that's short distance. Long distance will use a completely different set of magics. It'll need more mana, too. But, if I do it right, we won't be talking. It'll be like sending letters, but you get the letter instantly."

"How instantly?" Dan asked sceptically. The tekmancer just grinned, "Tens of milliseconds."

Dan looked at her in surprise, "Are you sure you can pull that off? A few milliseconds when we're tens of leagues apart? How does that even work?"

Kim looked at her blankly, and Dan laughed and nodded, "Yeah. Fair. I'll just wait quietly in the corner as I make the rest of the hat?"

The tekmancer walked over to a bench and cleared it, the tools quickly being attracted back to their appropriate places on the wall. She opened a drawer and pulled out a series of green plates and flipped them onto the bench, and then froze up.

She knew the theory of what she wanted to do. She wanted to embed a carrier pulse inside the manastream of the local leyline, which could carry information, and be decoded by anyone who could read the pulse. But multiple pulses would wipe each other out.

She needed to find a way to make messages that hit each other strengthen each signal, rather than cancelling each other out. Which meant... She would have to invent something. No kind of thing like this had ever been done.

Resonance.

Kim smiled slowly, and pulled a chunk of copper out of another draw, pulling a careful thread out of it with her wand, and began laying out a series of square lines on the green cards.

A quick check, and she could see that the patterns were picking up and resonating with the local leyline. She grinned and grabbed a golem core from nearby, manipulating and cutting it into smaller pieces and laid it out as the base on each.

She dragged up the coding of the cores and combined it into a single view panel so that she wouldn't have to repeat herself. The base golem code was far from simple, and she'd improved it in a number of complicated ways. Most of the code was absolutely useless for what she was trying.

She ripped out all the motion sensitivity and tossed it aside, and then began the arduous task of implementing the sensor interface for what she had just built. It was mostly just math, but she hated it. Being precise was not in her nature.

"So... How is it going?"

Kim spun around, about to yell, and froze as she noticed it was dark, "Oh. Sorry. I guess I was a bit... Stuck. How did the hat go?"

Dan held out the thing from behind her back proudly, and Kim blinked in surprise, "It's... Exactly the same. Isn't the hat a failure, that way?"

"It was ridiculously hard to make." Dan replied, "Duplicating a Sin failure? I went through ten. Me. Who gets everything right the first time. I even smoked out one of the labs by accident."

Kim smiled, "I'm sure Sin will be happy. She was really attached to her hat."

Dan waved, "So... About the upgrade?"

Kim's shoulders slumped, "I'm... About halfway there. I think I've got the magic theory down. A carrier wave that naturally occurs can pass on signals in both directions, that can be encoded and passed on using the base golem code... And you have no idea what I'm talking about."

"No." Dan smiled, "Which feels weird. I do understand the basic golem materials, but I only really used the golem packages from the Wizeria repository. Never really dove into it."

"I wrote them." Kim grinned, "Happy to know they work so well with general builds. So... Can you give me... Like a day?"

"Sin's got two weeks." Dan shrugged, "I'm sure she's not losing it just yet."

Kim sighed and nodded, "Thanks... I think I'm going to burn through the night on this one. I'm pretty sure I'm close to solving it."

Dan laughed and shrugged, "This is all over my head, which is saying something. Kim... If you get this even half working... You're a genius. Okay. And I will call you a genius for the rest of your life."

Kim grinned, and then turned back and winced, "Oh crap. Now I have to remember exactly where I was in all of this."
