# Episode Seven: Chloe vs Populous

Her hat chirped again and she saw Khan twitch. Kim's invention was beyond amazing. Whenever she wore her hat, she could send messages back and forth to the others.

Weirdly, Dan was the one who sent the most. She wasn't the most social person, but over the Kimiko Interlink? She was a downright chatterbox.

The chirp was Dan's tone. She wanted to check the message, but removing her crown right now would probably send Khan into a screaming rage as he finally snapped.

The prince & king in front of her looked at the hat suspiciously. She smiled broadly, "A low priority message from one of the animancers who proudly serve the crown. Think of it as a letter, but transported by magic."

The king frowned, looking at her with distrust, "Do all witches of Wizeria communicate in this manner?"

She didn't like the implications of that statement. "No. It's a privileged few at the moment. The tekmancy is currently military grade, and rolling out across our defensive forces. Around two thirds of our golem drivers can now communicate in realtime."

It was a big fat lie. Kim was still trying to work out a way to get audio across the interlink without it sounding like a gerbil had eaten the sound and vomited it directly into your ear. She did want golem drivers to be able to talk over long distances, but for now it was just proximity animancy for projecting sound into the air.

The king showed a moment of hesitation. So he had come to gauge just how well Wizeria could defend itself against an attack. She wanted an excuse, now. Something to embarrass the king.

"My son is well versed in golem infrastructure." The king said with a fake smile, "He tells me that Wizerian golems are rather unique. The code that drives them is more advanced."

She nodded, "Yes. The city workshop is run by Kimiko Casimir."

The prince's eyes widened as Chloe died a little inside. She knew fandom when she saw it. The prince was one of those freaks who obsessed over another person's life. Dan had enough of those kinds following her around most days.

"The Kimiko?" He asked excitedly, "Ten time winner of the Golem Internationals? The one who posited the Casimir Test? The a golem might become sufficiently advanced as to pass as not just a humonculus but an actual person?"

Chloe shrugged, "Probably. She's our head tekmancer. Though we do supplement our defence force with several other witches. Such as Danniere de Amore, the world famous animancer. Her coven call this city home."

"Transformational magic as a defence?" The king asked dubiously. His son on the other hand grew even more excited, if that were possible.

"You've got to forgive my father. He thinks magic is a passing fad. We've only got one witch in our city, basic alchemy for coughs and colds and not much else. de Amore is the most influential and powerful witch clan in the entire world. More unique spells have been attributed to them than any other coven, ever. Father, Witch Danniere may be able to destroy an entire golem armada by herself."

Chloe couldn't help but roll her eyes, "Destroy them? Nah. That's Sin's style. Not Dan."

The prince turned to face her slowly, "I thought I'd memorised all the powerful witches, your highness. I'm afraid I don't recognise the name. Can you tell me about her?"

"Hyacinth Rasputin Artur." Chloe said slowly, "Apprentice to the Necromantic Coven."

The king spluttered, "I wiped them out! The necromancers are dead!"

"... And?" Chloe asked, letting the entirely unfounded implication hang in the air. She had thought about it, but she didn't think Sin's godmothers were undead. Just very old.

The prince shivered, "And you are on nickname basis with a necromancer?"

"She began as an animancer." Chloe shrugged, "But as queen I can hardly ignore a witch in my own backyard who is capable of terramancy."

The prince stared at her, "Say again? I thought Artur was kicked from the animancers for failing everything."

"Necromancy is death. Animancy is life." Chloe shrugged as her hat chirped again, "As bad as Sin was at one, is the talent she has in the other. Your city can build an army of soldiers and golem, which is somewhat impressive in size... But Wizeria has the entire Underworld at her disposal."

Chloe stood up, feeling the weight of the crown on her head, "If Populous is truly planning to attack, as my spies suggest, then you have not done your study. I am the heir to the Cryomancy lineage. I could best you on my own, and turn your city into a frozen gemstone."

The king was so shocked and overloaded he dropped his decorum, "That is absolutely clear. You will have no more problems from us."

"Χλόη Μάγος!" The prince said in awe, putting two and two together. He scrambled and produced a small game card and held it out to her with shaking hands, "Can you sign my Mana, the Channeling card?"

She looked down at a picture of a huge-breasted warrior with riding a polar bear, with her own name under it in confusion. "Huh? What's this?"

The prince grinned at her like a maniac, and his father stuck a hand over his mouth, "Sorry. My son is a bit of a freak. Playing indoors with cards and fantasising over using magic, which he never could."

Chloe glared at the king, "I was talking to your son. I am a queen, show me some respect."

The king backed off, surprised. The prince smiled sheepishly, "It's a card game. You play adventures with it. There's lots of rules, and lots of story and imagination."

Chloe pulled her wand and pointed at the ground in front of her, "Iciculus tablus!"

She hunched forward, her elbows on the table, and grinned at him, "Can you teach me how to play?"

The prince looked at her in surprise, "Really? Most people think it's just a nerd thing. Something that belongs with tekmancers that never come out of their study books."

Khan coughed quietly to the side, and Chloe flicked her wand, "Imperius immobillus!"

The prince laid out a few cards, "Wow. So you really can just do any ice magic, then?"

"Cryomancy was invented by my family." Chloe said, "I can only really compare myself to them. Some of them were ridiculously powerful, and some were miraculously powerful. Next to them... I'm just a kid. But... I guess I'm a step above your average witch, sometimes. Ice has a few advantages."

"Really? It gets pretty trounced by fire in the game." He said, "Ice is strong against tekmancy and necromancy, but no one ever plays those. Animancy is pretty overpowered, but auramancy just trounces everything else."

Chloe rolled her eyes, "Let me guess, you have a card for Penny?"

The prince looked at her in surprise, "Penelope van Decker, yes. She's supposed to be the best auramancer ever."

"She's annoying." Chloe pouted, "I went up against her in the Potions Tourney last year. She always wins. And she knows it. She hardly even bothers. Last year she made a clothes-disintegrating love potion of all things. My gigantic frost spider didn't even get a clap next to that."

The prince pulled a card from the deck and put in front of her, "van Decker, speciality is allusion magic. Male players take a luck loss going up against her. Special move, disintegration potion."

Chloe frowned, "I don't know your game, but that seems way over powered."

"Pretty much. The card is banned in competition." The prince nodded, "But, because it only had a single printing, the card is relatively rare. I have two."

She waved her wand, muttering as she dragged together water and ice to make a series of new cards, hardening them and crystallising them so they wouldn't melt and let them fall into her hand. "So, then... Teach me how to play."
