# Episode Eight: Dan vs Inspiration

Her fingers drifted through the air as she moved deeper into the library. She read the title of each tome as she passed. There were secrets here that had never been known, and never been revealed to any but the author.

Spells and potions, rites and curses. Every form of magic that had been explored by the coven of animancers was here. Instructions and warnings, for those willing to put their souls at risk.

Her wrist let out a quiet muted tone, and she saw a line of text appear floating in front of her. A question, from a close friend. There was great gravity to the words. It was for their purpose she was risking her life, her body and her mind by descending this deep into the Eternal Library.

"You going to compete in the Potion Tourney this year, D?"

The smiling face of Sin floated beside the question. Mocking her. There was only one witch who ever won the tournament. A sly creature who beguiled the audience and seduced their weak wills, bending them to her purpose.

Dan's eyes narrowed as she glared at the message, considering her response. She could not allow anyone to suggest that she might be lesser than any other witch.

Her wrist pinged again, and Dan looked at the message in horror. It was not possible that any creature be so naive as this, surely?

"I signed up! It sounds like fun!"

Dan had spent her every waking moment of the past three months researching the works of her ancestors, looking for the exotic, something that could capture the hearts and minds of these fickle peoples. Yet, thus far she had failed.

The tournament was tomorrow.

Sin was expecting to enter into such a competition against the greatest minds to have ever gathered in Wizeria, without preparation at all? How could such expectant failure be enjoyable? The hedgewitch was always confusing, at times like these.

Dan spent her life in the pursuit of perfection. The idea of failure was simply untenable to her. Yet, Sin was surrounded by failure, every moment of her life. The animancer struggled to comprehend how Sin could tolerate such an existence, especially when she was so easy to smile.

She paused, looking around at her at the shelves. These countless tomes and countless ideas had yielded no worthwhile results for her. Perhaps a new approach was needed, an understanding from someone who saw the world in a different way.

"I was. But I can't find a good idea."

She waited, expecting something, anything. Sin rarely let a message go unanswered. It was one of the things that sometimes became aggravating about the little present that Kim had invented for her.

Dan looked around in surprise as she heard blood curdling screams, raising her wand as she looked for the threat. Many creatures got trapped within the pages of these books for being too dangerous. Now and then, one would escape.

Skeletal hands burst out of the ground in front of her, and a fireball launched from her wand, and detonated. She waved the ash from the air in front of her with a flick of her wrist, glaring.

Sin grinned stupidly from beneath her hat, "Guess I should have asked first, right?"

Dan relaxed and breathed out, shaking her head, "Sin... This is not exactly a safe place."

Sin nodded, looking around, "The Eternal Library of the Animancers. I remember getting grounded after sneaking in here once. I made it all the way down to the thousandth level before the godmother caught me."

Dan stared at her in shock, "You've managed to sneak into the Library? How?"

"I made a skeleton key." Sin shrugged, "From a rose. It was really hard back then. Not so much now."

Dan laughed, despite herself, "I guess grounding you doesn't work very well. Considering you're still grounded."

Sin held up her ankle, revealing a skeletal hand wrapped around it, "Oh, they know I'm here. I said it was for the tournament. Which it is. Just for you, not me. They're letting me compete. Not that they understand why I would want to."

Dan scratched her head, "I'm afraid I don't know why you want to compete. This is difficult, and arduous. And the other witch is going to win."

"For fun." Sin shrugged, "I get a first-person view of the potions, instead of being in the stands. I get to watch the best witches in the world compete for glory and power! For the adulation of the crowds!"

Dan stared, "You're... A fan?"

Sin went bright red, and looked down, "Kind of..."

"You used to sneak out to go to the tournament, didn't you?" Dan said, remembering, "We all thought you were sneaking off to the market for food."

"Animancers weren't allowed to watch or compete." Sin shrugged, "Until you."

Dan sighed, "No. Not me. Penelope. She insulted my godmothers, and I had to step up to prove that the potions of an animancer were superior to those of the witches of Ogrinfeld. Except I failed. Repeatedly."

"Penny is not going to win this year." Sin grinned at her, "I came to make sure of it. I already finished my potion. I can help you find your idea!"

Dan looked at her, "Really? What did you decide on, considering you don't care if you win or lose?"

"Not telling." Sin said happily, and looked around, "You're not going to find a good idea here, Dan. Good ideas are the ones that get you excited. These are just going to make you feel pressure. A good idea makes you giggle as you work, excited."

The animancer raised an eyebrow, "A... Fun idea?"

"Yep." Sin nodded, and then frowned, "What kind of magic do you find fun, Dan?"

She shrugged, "I don't think I've ever put those two concepts in the same sentence before."

Sin just stared at her, unsure of whether to laugh or be horrified. Dan checked the time, and looked back at the shocked witch and scratched her head, "Did I break you?"

Sin nodded weakly.

Dan sighed and shrugged, "I don't know... There's always just pressure to be perfect all the time. Every spell, potion, and rite has to come out flawlessly. I'm just always tense when I do magic."

Sin frowned, tapping her chin, "Except once, right?"

"No, more tense than ever, then." Dan replied, and looked down, "And it didn't even work."

Sin put an arm around her shoulders and squeezed, "I'm sorry. I knew the moment I brought it up."

Dan shook her head, "Don't worry. I'm almost to terms with it. Almost. My once and only failure. Apart from your hat. But recreating a spell failure is an exception. Because that's supposedly impossible."

Sin touched her hat, "And you know I love it, right?"

Dan just smiled and nodded. If she hadn't liked the hat then the friendship might have ended on the spot. Kim had even invented a new magic to go with it.

"You really just want to win against Penny, don't you?"

Dan nodded, "It might not be the nicest side of me, but yes. She insulted my coven, and continues to insult us every year right before she wins."

"She wins by sex appeal." Sin stated, "Every time. I know you can't sex change the judges, or the audience, but you could sabotage her somehow, right?"

Dan stared. She hadn't actually considered nixing the appeal ever before. She'd always just tried to upstage van Decker. The idea of undercutting the other witch to give herself, or anyone else, a chance to win was... Devious. It was cruel and mean and bad.

Her face split into a huge grin, "That sounds like fun."
