# Episode Nine: Sin vs the Tourney

She stood in the middle of the arena, as the crowd screamed. She couldn't hear a word that they were saying, at all. She could hear approval and disapproval, but no fan rose above any other, which was disappointing.

She could remember going hoarse as she screamed to her favourites, begging them to win, trying to let them know that she supported them, even when things went wrong for them.

Things always went wrong, even with witches of this calibre. An invite-only event, with the most skilled witches in the entire land. That being said, she wasn't sure how she managed to get an invite. She'd mentioned wanting to compete to her godmothers, who had disapproved... But the next day, an invite had arrived.

She pitied whatever town official had one of her godmothers turn up, insulted that the Coven of Necromancers had not been invited. The intimidation would have been fun for the godmother, and would have made Sin cry, probably.

The announcer's voice echoed, as he stood next to the small line of witches, "From Wizeria, we have our favoured princess of transformation!"

The cries of adulation shook her chest, and Sin looked nervously next to her, as Dan stood there, as calm as ever. The unshakeable witch of animancy looked like all of her coven. Perfectly poised, perfectly at ease, and remarkably high above you on the food chain.

"Danierre de Amore!"

The crowd went wild, stomping their feet, rattling the tins they used to drink various concoctions only mildly resembling alcohol. If you didn't want to see things for the next fortnight, you didn't drink anything that the alchemists were offering. They were here to experiment, not to serve. However, it was free.

The announcer paused looking at his parchment in confusion, "Also from Wizeria, from the lost Coven of the Necromancer, we have Hyacinth Rasputin Artur!"

Confused silence hit him, and Sin went red, looking down at her feet. She was trying desperately not to cry. She worked for a number of these people. There should be at least a few who knew her.

An ear-splitting whistle broke the air, and she looked up, and smiled as she did begin to cry. Kim was dancing on a bench all by herself, cheering her on. Beside her, Dan broke her perfect poise and waved back, "They are going to regret not cheering for you, Sin."

The announcer looked at her, "Oh. Right."

He turned back to the crowd, and projected his voice again, "Hyacinth, known as Sin to most, is the last of the Necromantic line! Show some bravery folks, lest she call up your mothers!"

Laughter and a wave of cheering briefly passed around the arena. Sin felt like her heart was about to burst out of her chest. She was terrified of the competition, now. She'd done it to get close to the other competitors, but now she felt like she had something to prove.

He moved on to the next, "Our champion of ten years, from Ogrinfeld! The auramancer who plays with our hearts, Penelope van Decker!"

The cheering hit her like a shockwave, making her feel like she could barely breathe as it moved through her chest. She wanted it to end. She felt like she was drowning beneath the screams of the crowd.

The red-headed witch twirled and blew a kiss to her adoring fans, and then made a cute pose. She was actually posing for them. Sin felt herself grinding her teeth. She'd never been a huge fan of the witch, but she didn't hate her until that moment.

"Asvestus columbinius!" Sin snapped, her wand flying into her hand. A solid gob of darkness shot out and grabbed a hold of the gas in the air, crushing it and absorbing it before falling onto the ground with an ugly splat.

The announcer paused, "Hyacinth. Magic isn't allowed before the -"

"Sir." Dan interrupted, "Sin was simply protecting the crowd from an auran magic. She did well to spot it. It would have biased them in favour of the auramancer."

Penny turned and glared at the both of them, "Are you accusing me of cheating?"

Sin cocked her head, "No. I just stopped the spell, that's all. A potion, right? From your lipstick?"

The witch's face went white, "Oh. I guess I forgot. Thank you for noticing, Hyacinth."

"Sin." She replied, and turned back to her position, "After all, I'm a necromancer. Not a flower."

It was something her godmothers said. She didn't want to believe it. She still wanted to be able to create a flower without dooming everyone and everything for leagues around. But for today, she wasn't Sin. She was the last necromancer.

"Yes, I heard about the flower incident." Penelope stated, as if she was fighting back laughter. Sin was tempted to ask her which one, but that was just fuel for the fire.

"And finally, from distant Caerlorne, we have another newcomer, Morgana de Faye!" The announcer yelled. Newcomer, to Wizeria, maybe. Unknown like Sin? Nope. The crowd loved it. The Lady de Faye's potions were world famous. Concoctions to block out nightmares, to make the opposite sex notice you, and to heal nearly every ailment ever.

Which was odd. Morgana wasn't an animancer. She had all of these cures and crazy detailed alchemical knowledge, but she was a pyromancer. Apparently she'd been useful in some war against the undead or other in Caerlorne.

Sin felt a sudden urge to bury her face in her hat. Morgana had fought a war against things that she summoned for fun. Nothing good happened in war. It chewed people up and spat them out, as pieces of themselves.

Morgana smiled and waved, and looked at her directly. "Sin, is it?"

"Ye... YEs." She managed, half panicking. What did the witch want to say to her? Had she come to make an end of her and her coven? There were only the four of them... Maybe this was it?

"First time competing in an arena." Morgana stated, "It can be difficult. Just remember your process, and you'll be fine."

Sin smiled weakly, "Th... Thanks."

Remembering the process had never been a problem of hers. The disasters she was known for came from a very different source. One that was obvious, really. When she was a kid, just trying to master animancy, it had never worked... Because she was born to be a necromancer. Her magic was the exact opposite of living magic.

She wasn't going to have that problem, today. She had created the potion and the rite to go with it herself. This was cutting edge necromancy. Today, she would show everyone that she had the power to change the world. And she'd have fun.

The announcer spoke to the crowd, "Why don't we start with the Sinner? We've seen a touch of her magic already!"

"Sin." She bristled, glaring at the suddenly nervous announcer, "It's just Sin."

He nodded, "Just trying to psych the crowd up. What do you have for us?"

Sin lifted her grass-stained dress, revealing the white cat desperately trying to chew a cork out of a beaker filled with a thick red liquid.

She picked it up, cat and all, holding up. She smiled and projected her voice the way her godmother had taught her, "Liquer obscurum!"

Snowball fell from the potion with disappointment, and began licking his leg in the way only a cat would.

Sin began to pace in a circle, holding the potion in the centre, "Ring around a rosie, a pocketful of posies, ashes, ashes, tenebrae!"

She let go, continuing to pace as the rite kept the flask afloat. Most of the audience were tuning out, assuming that such a childish rhyme could hold no power. Which was such an arrogant adult think to do. The wishes of all the children in the world were a powerful thing. That's why leaving teeth lying around was a bad idea.

"Tenebrae! Tenebrae!" Sin repeated, and she saw the liquid darken from red, to black. She smiled and finished the rite.

"Fall!"

The sound of the flask shattering could be heard across the whole stadium. Heard, but not seen. The moment it broke the sun was snuffed out, like a giant had reached up and blown out a candle.

For a moment, all that could be heard was the heavy breathing of the audience and witches. Had they pushed the necromancer too far? Had she stolen the daylight forever?

There was a squeak of surprise, and then the light came flooding back. Sin was standing back in line, her face flushed with effort.

Penny was blinking rapidly, obviously having been caught staring at the sun when it reappeared. She looked frustrated, even angry. As if Sin had upstaged her, and they weren't competing.

Morgana had a lazy smile on her face, as if she were more amused by what she had just witnessed than anything else. The mysterious witch from a far of city showed no other signs of concern at all.

Dan was bright red, and staring off into space, as if she'd been shocked by the sun disappearing, and hadn't realised it was over.

The announcer swallowed nervously, "Th... There you have it folks! An alchemic rite to blot out the sun itself! Powerful? Absolutely. Practical? Who knows! Amazing? You decide!"

A blue glow lit the crowd as a golem display appeared in front of every seat, requesting a vote for or against. A small timer ticked down in Sin's head, waiting for the score to be tallied.

The glow vanished, and a moment later someone sprinted over with a piece of paper. The announcer took it, and spoke slowly, dragging it out. "You... The people... Have chosen to award the newcomer.... Six thousand one hundred and two points!"

Sin's mouth moved sideways. Not a particularly good score. About average, really. Scaring the pants off the crowd didn't seem to have worked. However, judging by Dan's still vacant expression, what she had obscured with the potion had a much more influential impact.

Morgana whispered, "Having fun, then, Sin?"

She went bright red.

Penny looked between them, "What? What did I miss?"
