# Episode Ten: Kim vs the Tourney

She was still half in shock from the magnitude of the potion that Sin had just pulled off. She was half-waiting for people in the audience to start dying, their soul energy being needed for the rite, but it wasn't happening.

She didn't know where Sin had taken the magic, because the leylines were at their average. They often were lower during the Tourney, so the queen had her workshop injecting stored magic into them, to maintain their levels. If Sin really had taken all that magic from the leylines, the workshop wouldn't have been able to cope with it, and Kim would have got an emeragus.

The little hedgewitch might look all cute and innocent, but her mind was as devious as any around. Kim frowned, putting her chin in her hands as she looked at the stadium floor, trying to arrange the after effects of the spell. All magic had after images, things you could use to reverse engineer a spell, but she wasn't seeing any this time.

She pulled a pyramid out of her pocket and tapped it to wake it up. The device spun in a circle, and a small read out appeared on the display, scrolling. The man next to her looked, "Oh, sweet! You've got a Kimiko Analyser! How'd she make the sun vanish?"

Kim frowned, "None of this makes sense. They're necromantic ingredients... Hag's hair, cattails, blood of a vampire bat... No idea."

He gestured, "Can I take a look?"

She nearly laughed at him, but passed it over. He was a male, he had no magic. Yet, sometimes fans were obsessive about knowledge that could never be their own. Might be worth listening to, probably not."

"Half of these ingredients come out of a basic cure for vampirism." The man said slowly, "The other half, seem to be attempting to neutralise core components of the potion. Which I guess is where the rite comes in."

Kim nodded slowly, "Hey, that's not a bad idea. She raised the ghost of vampirism, to give us all a taste of the fear. That's why the sun vanished. It didn't actually disappear, we were all shrouded from it, because a vampire can't exist in sunlight."

He handed the pyramid back, "Not a bad thought. You a witch, then?"

"Kimiko Casimir, at your service." She grinned, "I'll ask Sin about it later, but she probably won't tell me if you were right. And you?"

His eyes went wide in shock and fear, "Uhm... Restus. Of Populous."

Kim grinned to herself, "Oh. Are we here in secret?"

He stared at her, "How do you know that?"

"Chloe isn't just my queen." Kim laughed, waiting for the magic scrubbers in the arena to clear up for Morgana's turn. "She let me know you sometimes go by Restus. I think she has a bit of a crush on you, to be honest."

The man went bright pink, and coughed nervously, turning his eyes back to the arena, "I wouldn't say that. Not for lack of trying, on my part. But she won't even let me win one hand... Forget I said that."

"Oh, I know about the card game." Kim moaned, "Chloe is obsessed with it, now. Thanks. Keeps trying to get the rest of us to play it. Even over the Interlink. She loves the game. Though, her crushing you at it, says she likes you."

'Restus' looked at her in confusion, "What?"

"If she let you win, it'd be because she thinks you're not worth her time." Kim shrugged, "She puts effort in with you, ever time. She either hates you, or likes you."

He swallowed nervously, "Oh. Okay, then."

Kim glared sideways at him, "No. I am not signing any cards."

He pulled his hand from his tunic with disappointment, as she tried not to burst out laughing at him. Again. He was extremely amusing. Like a dopey little brother. What did Chloe see in him?

It wasn't just the card game. A girls private Interlink messages were private, but any time he visited the palace, Chloe couldn't stop talking about him. She also profusely denied that she liked him. Without anyone asking the question.

"You don't compete in this?" He tried to break the ice again, "I would have thought the workshop foreman would receive an invite."

Kim yawned, "Yeah, not interested, really. I only come to cheer on my friends. I've never been to a Tourney before. They just seem really boring to me. The Golem Championships? Heck yeah. Gigantic monsters smashing each other right in front of you. This... This is alchemy. Careful measurements. That sounds like pulling teeth."

"You've won the Golem Championship almost as many times as Penelope van Decker has won the Potion Tourney." He waved, "That's what most people are waiting for. A chance to see her naked. It's an insult to the real fans."

Kim rolled her eyes.

Most people here were just here to see van Decker naked, but that included most of the obsessive fans as well. Very few could appreciate actual difficult of auramancy, because van Decker didn't use the hard potions. She used the most effective ones. A pragmatist.

That being said, no one had ever noticed her trying to cheat before. She always blew a kiss for the fans, she even did it when she was competing for the first time. Maybe some of these fans had less control over it than they should have.

How had Sin noticed it, anyway? Auramancy played havoc with your hormones. It blinded you to its effects, which was why it was so effective. You could tell someone you were giving them a love potion, and if you got it in their mouth, they'd forget all about it.

"Lady Morgana de Faye!" The announcer shouted.

Kim clapped politely. She'd never had a need for the over-priced Lady de Faye potions she saw in the marketplace. She had no real idea what to expect from the foreigner.

'Restus' leaned forward, not wanting to miss a moment, "She's a pyromancer, did you know?"

Kim blinked, "A pyro? Who is good at potions? What the frick?"

The woman wearing a black hat, and a black cape, with long black hair, stepped forward, and pulled a black looking flask from inside her clothes, and held it up for all to see, "Halcyon draco!"

She pulled the top off the flask, and drank it. There was a brief moment, and then gasps of surprise as the witch began to grow, and to change shape. She moved forward in the arena, to stop from crushing everyone, as she became a beautiful white-scaled dragon.

It circled twice, and then took into the air, and breathed blue and purple flames into the air with a terrifying roar that shook the seats. Kim was scared. She was too shocked to be scared.

"An animancer's potion." She said softly, "That's... Not possible... That kind of transformation magic is inherently unstable. Managing to bind it into alchemic form... How did she do it?"

The pyramid squealed an overload warning when she tried to use it, and Kim frowned, "Protected. Weird. Though I guess, she does sell everything she makes."

"Not these." 'Restus' said quickly, "The arena potions tend to be new weapons of defence for Caerlorne. She never reveals how they're made, or how many she can make. She hides it."

"Dragon transformation would be a viable form of defence... Or attack." Kim frowned, calculating how many it would take to fight her golem army, and finding that she was coming up significantly shorted than just this one.

Is this why Morgana had suddenly decided to participate in the Potion Tourney, despite five years of turning down the invitations? Or was she just being paranoid? The leylines were at their lowest, now. A magical army of defence was weakest, this day.

"I don't think so." He shook his head, "Caerlorne never attack first. The king there has some weird ideas. Things he calls chivalry or something. Populous have looked at them as a danger a few times, but leave them be and you're fine."

Kim smiled slowly, "You've met Chloe, right? Insulting other kings is not a stretch of the imagination."

The prince-in-disguise laughed, and shrugged, "She's a breath of fresh air amongst the rest of the nobles. Father is still trying to marry me off. Doesn't want me to be the son to inherit the city. Others are polite about it, but Chloe basically told him to shove it. It was nice."

She tossed the broken pyramid in her hand, "You like junk from famous witches, right?"

He looked at her in surprise, "Yeah?"

"Morgana burned this out." She offered it, "No use to me. They're easier to make than to repair. I'd just melt it down for parts."

He took it eagerly, and held it up, "That's amazing. Thanks!"

"It is broken." She laughed, shaking her head. "Who do you think they'll do next? Dan or Penelope?"

"Danniere." The prince replied, as if it were obvious, "van Decker always wins. They'll save her until last."
