# Episode Eleven: Chloe vs the Tourney

She had missed most of the tournament. Stuck indoors with her advisers, planning something or other boring about optimum troop placements for the transmission of goods from the gates to the marketplaces.

Important, but excessively boring.

However, when the sun had suddenly gone out and all the advisers had panicked, she'd grabbed her hat and broom and launched out over the balcony, trusting in her magic to keep her upright and in the air.

The darkness hadn't lasted long, but from the sticky feeling in the air, it had to be Sin's potion. The girl hadn't told anyone what she was planning for the Tourney. Just kept saying something about it being a surprise wrapped inside another surprise.

All witches can be vague when they want to be.

It was annoying that she had missed out on seeing what Sin's potion could do, but she wasn't about to miss the rest. She leaned forward on the broom, shooting through the sky at a rapid pace, skimming around the rooftops. She knew every in and out of her city.

Which also happened to be great at avoiding every single method her advisers managed to put in place to try and track her whereabouts. So far, Kim had managed to not be sucked into building something to track her. For now.

Getting into the arena unnoticed was another thing altogether. She could hide herself easily enough, but this was an event for witches. Sneaking in to skip paying the entry fee was something often attempted, but rarely successful.

Kim had built the detection grid, and Dan had built what it activated. Statues, giants, weapons. They all looked innocent and picturesque until they were grabbing you and putting your face into the ground.

Which had all been fine until Sin had demonstrated that bypassing all of that was as easy as a trip to the Underworld and back. So a set of interdimensional barriers had been set up.

With all of that, she couldn't really think of a way in. Not without announcing that the queen had arrived, and was actively shirking her duties. Again. No, she had to be sneakier about this.

She landed the broom in an alley close to the arena. She took a quick glance over, and then flicked her wand at the ground in front of her with a whispered spell. A scale version of the arena grew out of the water in the air quickly. Showing the movement of the people inside, but more importantly, the shifting symbols of the active spells keeping everyone out.


With the large amount of magic being used inside the arena, gaps could and would appear in the shields. Not a huge gap, and she'd miss out on seeing another potion, but it was all she had.

The weakest shielding, was in the sewers. Dan had compensated with a series of living chains. Hopefully she hadn't tried too hard. After all, none of the witches liked it being a paid event in the first place.

She crushed the ice model beneath her boot, and stood up. She held out her hand, the broom snapping into it. This was going to take reflexes. She was steeling herself for the race.

She flew straight up in the air, spiralling into the clouds, gathering moisture around her and reshaping it into a dozen sharp icicles.

Then, she dropped.

Her stomach turned as the world flipped upside down, and then it hit her mouth as the broom's bristles flared and she accelerated towards the ground.

"Motivae!" She yelled, launching an ice crystal and shattering the steel sewer cap before threading the needle through the tiny shoulder-width hole. She spun to the side, grazing the surface of the water before launching down the tunnels.

A chain shot upwards out of the water with a splash, making a beeline for her. She whirled to the side, her hat grazing the edge of the sewer, but it wasn't enough. The broom shot away from her as it snagged her around her ankle, and she fell onto the walkway.

She rolled over, issuing a spell as quickly as she could, "Frigidium!"

The chain snapped where the blast of blue magic hit it, but to her horror she saw the tail of the chain immediately connect and melt into the pavement, binding her to the rough concrete.

Why did she ever think that Dan would do a halfway effort on anything? That was a stupid, stupid mistake.

"Roll the dice if you're really sure." She muttered to herself. She was inside the detection grid now. She could use a transport spell, but that would tell every chain in the sewers exactly where to find her. She wouldn't have a moment to even exhale before they were on her again.

Of course, if she stayed put after the teleport, it might just be enough to fool the system. Kim wasn't as committed as Dan to absolute perfection. The detection grid wasn't going to deal with every single edge case, would it?

"Galcies exspiravit!" She shouted, causing a crystalline form of herself to grow into being on the opposite walkway. The figure waved at her happily, and she felt her mental link with it finish forming. Moving around with eight limbs is difficult, but possible.

She jumped the water and landed beside herself, and drew her copy of her wand, and pointed it downwards, "Speculum verto!"

She flattened herself against the wall as another chain grabbed her ice body and dragged into down onto the ground. She inched away from it slowly as the detection grid assumed that she hadn't moved at all.

She severed the link, and grabbed her broom, instantly shooting down the next corner of the sewers. The next chain found itself instantly exploding. Not just the first link, but every link. "Frigidium torquem reactionem!"

She skated around it, and jumped, tossing a vial of cryaqua against the roof. She landed, and disappeared as the liquid dripped down onto her. She had no idea if it was enough to trick the grid, but it was the only thing she could think of.

No chains attacked her.

She looked up at the sewer exit, and cursed slowly as she realised why she wasn't being attacked. Because it wasn't really an exit. It was a brick wall. She hovered up on her broom, and looked at the golem display blinking at her.

"Password > "

She brought up a message to Kim on her hat, "What's the password?"

There was a moment of nothing, and she considered sending another, when Kim finally replied, "Password? For what? Aren't you in an advisers meeting?"

"Sewer. Beneath the arena."

"Hahahaha. You actually made it?" Kim's response came back, followed by words that she really didn't want to hear, "I left the only copy of the passwords with the plans in the palace."

She could remember exactly where they were. Inside a manilla folder, filed away in a cabinet full of preparations for today. All the way back and out of the sewers and she probably wouldn't be able to pull off a miraculous escape a second time.

"Any other way...?"

"LOL"

Chloe twitched at that response. Maybe she should just give up and go back to being the queen. She'd already missed Sin's opening challenge. Even if her friends made it to the next round, she shouldn't be here in the first place. She was wasting time and effort to do something she shouldn't.

"If you need some motivation... Restus is sitting next to me."

Chloe stared at the message, and glared at the sealed spell above her head. It blocked dimensional shifts and jumps and wormholes and even black holes. The only way through was this little golem gate approving who she was.

On the other side, was a prince who was right now sitting with the most down to earth and cute girl that Chloe knew. Kim wouldn't make a move on him, but in all his fanboy-ish-ness, he would totally fall for her.

Chloe didn't know how much she liked him, but she did know that she did like him. She wasn't sure why. Maybe because he was quirky and weird, and she was as well. She was every bit the nerd he was, but usually in secret.

She heard a dragon roar, overhead.

Chloe grinned, that was something she could use. It might be transformation magic, but the presence of a dragon would set the detection grid off, and send everything onto high alert.

Which meant there was now an approved transportation spell to enter the arena.

"Speculum emeragus!"
