# Episode Twelve: Dan vs the Tourney

She was still in shock from what Sin had done. Everything she knew was upside down in her head, and suddenly she couldn't remember the simplest of spells. Every single thought went back to that moment in the dark.

She didn't know what it meant, what to do with this information. It had been absolute darkness. She didn't know if it was really Sin, but she guessed it was. It had smelled like her.

Was it simply the only way that Sin could end the darkness? Was the obscurum bound to doing something like that? Maybe Sin had just chosen her because she didn't know the others.

Maybe it was more.

Maybe Sin had actually chosen her.

She wanted Sin to have chosen her. She wanted Sin to have decided to do this spell, for this moment. She wanted what it might mean. What she knew it probably could never mean.

"Danierre?" The announcer whispered urgently at her.

She shook her head, trying to focus, and pulled a potion from her wrist. It was small, a single vial. She held it up, a glittering liquid, and smiled weakly. Her thoughts were still swirling around Sin, but that was fine. This wasn't a rite. It was a very simple potion.

A fun one.

She tossed it lightly in the air, as the crowd held their breath, and then very undramatically she removed the topper, and poured it onto the ground beside her. Nothing at all happened.

The announcer winced, "It's traditional to say the name of the potion."

She sighed, "Sorry, my throat is sore. Could you announce it for me? Amore altare."

The man turned and spoke loudly, "Behold, the amore altare!"

He paused as he said it, looking back at her in surprise, "Really?"

It was a simple potion, really. It was one used often by teenagers or first years in the academies, looking for either fun or testing their flighting fancies for each other.

You add a hair to the potion, and it would reveal the person that you loved. So Dan grinned as she plucked a hair from Penelope before she could react or run, and dropped it onto the pile.

No fan truly wanted to know who their idol loved. It hurt to see that their fragile hopes and dreams truly were ridiculous. Many fans turned into creepy and crazy stalkers, with all sorts of angry threats, the moment that their idol found someone. In the mind of the fan, no one was worthy of their idol. Laying claim could make them snap.

Penelope turned to her, looking at her fearfully, "That's not fair! That's.... An invasion! Stop it! Now!"

The announcer held up a hand, "Stop! Whilst this is unethical, it does not breach the laid out rules. You cannot interfere."

The silvery liquid bubbled and began to grow upwards in the air, spreading out into feminine legs. Dan was surprised. She hadn't realised that the auramancer leaned that way. Except, if what she remembered was true, then...

She plucked one of her own hairs and dropped it onto the mix. The potion wobbled for a moment, getting conflicting information. This wasn't the upset she wanted. She wanted to embarrass the witch, but she wouldn't condemn her to the hands of her godmothers.

Mixing two sources was supposed to destroy the potion. However, Dan was not an ordinary witch. She was an animancer of rare skill. The potion she had made might have been simple, but that did not mean that she had not imbued it with all of her talent.

The potion split into two, becoming two vaguely female forms, which immediately began to dance, holding hands and spinning. They weren't fully formed, but were approaching it.

She turned and plucked a hair from Sin, who glared at her and rubbed her head. Morgana held out one of her own hairs freely. She took them, appreciating the trust, and added them to the potion.

In a moment it had swirled into a dance of four partners, all not quite distinct, but enough that the one it belonged to would recognise the one that they cared about. The four danced in unison, as a humming sound slowly emerged from them.

The announcer stared, gobsmacked, "L... Ladies and gentlemen! Here we have a violation of magical causality!"

Technically, it was true. Also, technically, it wasn't. She had broken a rule that alchemists tended to believe, but it wasn't exactly a secret in magical circles that the rule was a best guess. She had been working on the theory that extending the effects of a potion could be done without violating the principles of mana transference by introducing emotional energy, for quite a while.

Auramancers weren't the only witches who made use of emotion. The anger of a necromancer was enough to raise the dead, with little to no mana being used. The leylines weren't the only source of power for a witch, they couldn't be.

Sin had damaged the leyline, and yet her terraforming had continued. There was only way that was possible. If magic wasn't confined only to the energy of the leyline. Emotional energy, and willpower, had to play a role.

There was nothing like the emotional energy of having the face of the one you love publicly broadcast to the entire world. She wasn't exactly feeling calm having the face of her own love spinning around in front of her. She knew some people would recognise it. Might even put it together with herself.

The frenzy of the fans in the audience, desperate to try and see who it was, to try and guess who belonged to who, was supplying more power to the potion than the anxiety of the people on stage.

She held up a hand, and uttered the dispersal trigger, "Amora cadere."

The liquid fell to the ground promptly, and she turned to the crowd and curtsied politely. The fans exploded into cheering. Most wouldn't fully comprehend what she had done. She probably would not be winning the vote, this time.

She had intended to embarrass Penelope, but she had seen the fear on the witch's face. The girl liked another girl, and that would mean instant expulsion, with all of her magical ability stripped away. Dan did not yet hate the girl enough to ruin her entire life for the sake of a competition.

The magical community would be divided, expecting that what she had done was some kind of illusion, that she had lied or tricked her way to this result. Experiments to recreate it would fail, because it lacked the fever of the arena's crowd. This level of emotional intensity was rare, in day to day life.

The potion itself had to be the focus. That could not happen in clean environmental conditions. Not with such awesome curiosity. Dan would likely be called a fraud after this, and her explanation would not sit well.

Her godmothers would likely punish her for allowing the family name to be further tainted.

The announcer held up the piece of paper, "The votes have been tallied! You, the people... Have given our princess of magic... Ten thousand and three points!"

Dan winced.

She had never before scored so low. It was more than Sin, but less than Morgana. She would make it to the next round. Unless Penelope did something drastically wrong, then it would be Sin eliminated from the competition.

Dan would have to up her game if she were to stay in the competition.

The next round would be harder, it always was. Whilst you could do any potion combined with any other magic in the first round, the second was purely potions with direct contact events, and a demonstration on a hapless animal.

The announcer turned, "And now... The moment you have all been waiting for... Our champion of so many years... Unopposed master of potions... Penelope van Decker!"

The redhead stepped forward, smiled at the crowd, "I forfeit."

Dan glared at her, "No, you bloody well do not!"

Penelope look at her in surprise, "I thought you -"

"I am beating you on even terms." Dan snapped, "Just because I chose not to embarrass you does not mean you get to back out of this. You forfeiting doesn't mean I beat you, and I will. For the Animancy Coven."

Penelope swallowed nervously, "I... Can't beat you. Not this year. You rewrote magic. I didn't think that was possible. Potions is my study! Not yours. How did you know you could do it? I know you didn't cheat. The potion was too simple for that."

"Emotional energy." Dan waved a hand, "But you are not backing out of this. Fight me, fair and square!"

The announcer laughed, projecting, "It seems the fight is hotting up, ladies and gentlemen! How about we give our beloved star some encouragement to stick around?"

The crowd instantly began chanting her name. For the first time since Dan had met her, she saw her look nervous and blush. She had witnessed neither before. What was she worried about? She always relied on her auramancy. The crowd was psyched up enough that a half-naked woman would get their attention, even if Sin had blocked an unfair advantage.

Penelope winced, "Fine... Uh... This is my world-famous Amor bilem!"
