# Episode Thirteen: Sin vs the Tourney II

"Amor bilem!"

Sin screwed up her nose. Love bile. An infectious, noxious substance. Penny really was world-famous for it. She used it as a weapon. Infecting attacking armies and forcing them to become obsessed with her. Using it on a crowd of innocent onlookers was cruel.

It was no different than if Sin turned the entire audience into a bunch of zombies and forced them to vote for her. Which, in retrospect, would have been what her godmothers wanted her to do.

The witch tossed the flask lightly, allowing it to shatter in the middle of the arena. It took a moment for the green gas to spread out, attacking the senses.

Sin felt it deeply. Felt it attacking her emotions, trying to twist her every thought towards Penny. She latched onto her anger at the use of the alchemical substance, at the unfairness of it, stoking her hatred.

Love and hatred were not so far apart. The spell could not force hatred to become love, or vice versa. Hatred was the path of resistance.

As things were, Sin was clearly going to be eliminated. And she was well known for causing disasters or breaking rules. So she smiled, and then she horrified the entire audience, as she flicked her wrist, "Portentia potentia!"

The dead marched up out of the ground, howling first in pain, and then in adoration. Corpse after corpse ran over and threw themselves at the feet of the auromantic witch.

Penny panicked, revolted. She started to run, and the zombie army, which was still emerging from the Underworld, sprinted after her, screaming professions of love. The hideous display of littered and falling limbs, and the thing that they were falling from, had the effect.

Love turned to hate, and the crowd began to boo.

The announcer screeched, "Disregard this unfair display! Penelope van Decker is automatically protected for this round! Sin is eliminated!"

The necromancer smiled, as the announcer glared at her, "Dismiss this! Now!"

"Can't." Sin shrugged, "The moment that fog hit them, they became hers. Only Penny can send them back to the Underworld. Though, she'd have to stop running first."

The announcer pulled at his hair, "Why in the Underworld did we allow you to compete!?"

Dan coughed politely, and the announcer turned and spoke irately, "Yes, princess of magic?"

"Sin did catch van Decker attempting to cheat, earlier." She shrugged, "It would be wise not to call the competition into question, would it not?"

His shoulders slumped, "If she can make the monsters go away, they can both make it to the next round. But! No more interfering!"

Sin bounced over to where Penny was running and grinned at her, "You know why they're following you, right?"

"Because they're obsessed!" The witch snapped, "This is horrible! How could you do this to me!?"

"Tell them to go back to the Underworld, then." Sin smiled, "You're in command."

Penny stared at her, "No. Too scared."

"I can't make them." Sin laughed, "Only you. So... Can we face your fear? I can hold your hand."

Penny glared at her, and Sin blinked, "That's a no to hand holding."

The witch slowed down, shivering as the army began to surround her in a circle, falling to their knees and pledging their undying allegiance, "You weren't just being mean? Offering to hold my hand?"

"It helps me." Sin shrugged, and the witch shook her head, "First you torture me, and now this?"

Sin giggled, "I might have got a little dose of the bile."

Penny sighed, "Oh. Of course a necromancer would be able to resist. You hate everything."

Sin blinked back tears, and the auromancer paused, "What? I thought necromancers were supposed to bury their emotions beneath hate and anger?"

"I'm not a very good necromancer." Sin bit her lip, "Godmothers tell me I'm too nice. I like being nice."

Penny sighed, and breathed out slowly, facing her adoring undead fans, "Please, return to your world below."

The creatures immediately burrowed into the ground, vanishing without so much as a howl. Penny fell to her knees, fighting back her own tears, and Sin crouched, "I like flowers. I wish I knew how to make them. That's why I'm a bad necromancer. Why do you pretend to be a good auramancer?"

Penny looked up at her in fear, "You noticed?"

"Premade jibber jabber." Sin glared at her, "You don't make the auromancy potions yourself. You cheat. But, you do know potion making. I want to see you actually make something. That'd be fun."

Penny laughed slowly, "How do you do it, Hyacinth? You saw the auramancer's kiss. You realised my potions weren't made by me. How? No one else has ever noticed."

"Sin." She growled, and then sat down next to the shaken witch, "I'm a necromancer. I see dead people. And dead people always see you. Like your mum."

Penny went white as a sheet, "My mother is here?"

"I can help you see her, if you want." Sin said, holding out a hand. Penny took it cautiously, and gasped as she stared around, "There's so many... I thought ghosts were rare. Unfinished business."

Sin laughed, "You know those regrets that you remember ten years later that keep you up at night? Yeah. So do dead people."

A particular white and formless blob moved in front of them, and down and into the ground so that it was at eye level. Sin waved happily, "Hello, Mrs. D."

The ghost waved back with a formless hand and then turned to the frightened witch, and it glowed pink, "I... Proud... Always... Be... Self..."

Penny swallowed nervously, "Why do I know it's her? Even though... Are you messing with my mind?"

"Nope." Sin replied, "No idea how to do illusions. Check my connection to the leylines, if you want. I'm just channelling myself. I'm a necromancer. This is what I do."

Penny sighed, "I know. It's just... Surprising. I thought I'd know her by her face, not the feeling of her soul."

The witch looked at the ghost, "Thank you. I will do what I can to make you proud."

Sin let go, and stood up, brushing herself down, "Now... I think that Dan just negotiated me back into the competition. Which is a problem for me."

Penny laughed at her, "You didn't make a potion for the next round, did you? You just made that darkness spell?"

"Obscuring spell, but yeah." Sin nodded, "So I think I'll use my bathroom break to try and whip something up. Not that there are many ingredients around here, and summoning spells are broken outside the arena floor."

Penny frowned, "So... Any hints what you'll try? Considering I need to?"

"Kim is in the stands." Sin waved, "She'll probably have an ingredient or two for you. Just shoot her an emeragus. She won't mind."

The auramancer stood up, looking at her in confusion, "You were so mean to me. Now you're being extraordinarily nice. I don't get you."

Sin shrugged, "If you do, you do. If you don't, you don't. I don't mind either way. I'm me. You, be you. For once."

Penny nodded slowly.
