# Episode Fourteen: Kim vs the Tourney II

Chloe collapsed beside her, coated head to tail in various substances. Ash, grease and slime composed the most of them. The tail was also somewhat surprising, and extremely scaley and gross.

The prince beside her pretended not to notice and bowed his head, "Χλόη."

The queen shook her head, threatening to throw goop from her waist-length hair, "I'm not supposed to be here, either."

Kim sighed, shaking her head, "I figured this might happen. Here."

She held out a metallic cube, with various inset lines suggesting the presence of several smaller cubes within it. Chloe took it gratefully, and it vibrated, and began listing out the contaminants that it had found.

Kim reached over and hit the skip and clean rune. There was a brief flash, and bubbles floated up around the queen. She hiccuped, releasing more bubbles. She handed the cube back, and rubbed her face, "That... Hic... Feels better."

Kim looked at the prince, "Wanna swap seats?"

'Restus' looked embarrassed, "Uh... Not if... I don't want to inconvenience..."

"I am not being the third wheel in between the two of you." Kim snapped, standing up, "Shift it, prince boy."

He shuffled over, red faced, and she sat down again, looking at the empty arena intently as the two shyly greeted each other. It was clear as angels that the two wanted more than they had, but they weren't about to reach out and take it.

Kim tossed a piece of popping corn into her mouth, "So, you two kissed yet?"

She felt the glare from Chloe immediately, and wondered if the ice queen could make her catch on fire. However, she'd planted the thought in both their heads now. Maybe they'd stop acting like there was nothing going on.

"We're... Just friends..." The prince stammered.

Kim rolled her eyes, "Right. And I'm just a mechanic."

"Speaking of, did you have to put a three guess limit on the access hatches?" The queen asked, glowering.

Kim grinned, "Of course. Can't have anyone trying to brute force their way in using tekmancy."

"I thought you didn't care if people broke in." Chloe said accusingly. Kim looked over at her innocently, "I don't, but I was hired to do a job. I always do my best."

Truth be told, she had thought about intentionally sabotaging her efforts, so that determined people could sneak into the overpriced arena. She couldn't afford her own seat, it was part of the payment for protecting it.

However, the moment she heard that Chloe was going to be busy and was supposed to be elsewhere during the Tourney, she knew that she had to put in a bit of effort. That the results would be utterly hilarious. Like the tail.

"Sure." Chloe said, not buying it, and looked back, "So, who is your favourite to win, Sammeth?"

The prince swallowed, "Uh... Things are different. Usually Penelope van Decker. But she and Hya... Sin, seem to have talked. Also, Sin summoned an undead army to chase her when she biled the audience."

Chloe laughed, "That's our Sin. So... She's out?"

"Not yet." Kim interjected, trying to stay part of the conversation. "Sin caught van Decker trying to cheat in the introductions. But I guess the next round will be different. I don't think Sin actually has a potion, and necromancy ingredients aren't exactly easy to come by."

"van Decker asked Kimiko for ingredients, earlier." Sammeth said, "Which is a bit of a surprise."

Chloe looked over at her, "And you gave them to her?"

Kim shrugged, "She wouldn't have asked me if it wasn't Sin's idea. Maybe the girl is trying to be a little more of a witch."

The queen nodded slowly, "Still. She tried to cheat."

"She also got chased by an undead army, professing their love." Kim grinned, "Hilarious as crap. Nobody like Sin to lighten the mood. The competition is more fun than I remember."

Chloe nodded, "So... Is that Morgana? What is she like?"

"She turned herself into a dragon." Sammeth said in awe, "I haven't seen magic like that before. It'd be a new card."

Kim shivered at the reference to Mana, the Channelling. Chloe looked curiously down at the foreign witch, "A dragon? I wasn't aware that kind of transformation could be bound to a potion. What kind?"

"She drank it." Kim replied, "I don't think anyone knew it was possible. A new weapon for Caerlorne, perhaps. A threat that this is what you face if you attack them."

"No sweat, Kim." Chloe replied smoothly, "I invited Morgana. Personally. We're not about to pick a fight with them."

Kim glanced over, "Politics?"

"Yes." Chloe nodded, "Sorry, can't tell even you. Secrets being what they are."

"Eager to escape." The prince mused, and then made it nerdy, "Secrets Stash, card 104."

"106." Chloe corrected him absent-mindedly, causing him to pull out and shuffle his deck to find the appropriate card as Kim just rolled her eyes. The prince had completely corrupted the queen.

It wouldn't be long before she would be forced to play a hand, and have to memorise all the rules and pretend to be more creative than she was. She could handle making golems. She didn't like games. She didn't see the point in them. Not when she could build two giant machines and get them to tear each other apart. Or dance Populous Opera. However she was feeling that day.

"I'd say that Morgana has a shot of beating Penelope for the win." Kim said slowly, "She's going more for the awe and wonder, rather than the enrapture, but it could work. Especially if Penelope has been cheating and is now out of her comfort zone."

Chloe shook her head, "I wouldn't bet on it. Penny may have been cheating, but she isn't an idiot. She actually does know a crapload about potions. She might just have been hiding that she's a better tekmancer than she is an auramancer. You know what godmothers are like."

The prince looked at his cards like they had betrayed him. Chloe nudged him, "Am I a hot-air-balloon breasted polar-bear riding monster of destruction?"

"Uh..."

Chloe glared at him, and he swallowed, "Trap card activated."

Kim burst out laughing, "Yeah, you called for that one."

The queen rolled her eyes and then grabbed her popping corn, and tossed a handful in her mouth, munching angrily. Kim raised an eyebrow, and metallic legs grew out of the popping corn container, and it wrested itself free and ran back to her lap.

Kim laughed, "Told you it would come in handy, 'Restus'."

Sammeth just seemed to be trying to fold in on himself and pretend he didn't exist. Which was probably a decent self-preservation instinct. Being stuck between two friends trying to prod and poke each other was not exactly a safe position.

Chloe looked at her, "When did you hex up the legs on the container?"

"When you sent me a ping." Kim replied, "I knew you were going to eat all of mine. Get your own."

Chloe looked down, sadly, "I can't. They'll notice that I'm not supposed to be here."

The prince stood up quickly, "I shall purchase some for you! Tell me your heart's desire."

"Overplaying." Kim stated, and Chloe looked at him suspiciously, "You're not getting anything out of this."

He shrugged, "That's nothing new. Come on, what do you want?"

"Popping corn and pigskin." Chloe stated petulantly, as if he might refuse her. He was surprised by the second request, it wasn't exactly a royal staple, but he didn't argue.

Sammeth bowed, "It shall be so."

As he ran off, Kim laughed, "If they're not sold out."

He stumbled.
