# Episode Fifteen: Chloe vs the Tourney II

She glared at her friend, "Could you stop flirting with the prince, please?"

Kim shrugged, "I thought you weren't interested in him."

"So you are flirting!" She snapped, "You admit it!"

"Nope." Kim said drily, looking over at her with a thousand-step-stare, "But I guess you do like him, don't you?"

Chloe looked down, pouting. She shouldn't have to put up with accusations like that. She was the queen of the city. Kimiko needed to show her the proper respect. She could take away her workshop at an instant. Hand it over to a more respectful witch.

All the same, Kim was still the best at what she did. The agonising process of breaking in had proven that without a shadow of a doubt. The tekmancer was ridiculously good at what she did.

Chloe sighed heavily, looking up at the clouds, "You can be a total witch at times."

"Yep." Kim replied flatly, offering no apology at all.

The queen glared at her, and then smiled slowly, "I'm being one, aren't I?"

"Yes." Kim growled, and glared at her, "I'm really not interested in your boyfriend. Or anyone, for that matter. Why is that so hard to understand? I didn't choose this seat. You did. You sat me next to him."

"Sorry." Chloe said quickly, "I... Guess I got jealous. I don't know, Kim. I don't know why I get jealous around him. I don't like other people getting his attention, but when he gives me his... It feels awkward."

Kim laughed, "He's got a few rough edges that you don't like. Like being totally obsessive about that game. You're into it, too, but you don't come across as a total weirdo all the time."

Chloe smiled, "I guess."

"That doesn't mean he's a lost cause." The tekmancer reassured her, "It just means that he's a work in progress. Maybe that's more interesting than the perfect princes that turn up at your doorstep once a month."

Chloe went red, and swallowed, "Umm... Kim...?"

"What?" The tekmancy snapped, and Chloe shuffled closer to her, "I've got a project I've wanted to ask you about for a while. You just reminded me."

Kim raised an eyebrow, waiting expectantly. And Chloe sighed and whispered in her ear. The tekmancer went red, and looked back at her, "I... I've never even thought about something for that."

"Give it some thought?" Chloe asked, shifting uncomfortably, "Sitting on my throne, with the princes parading themselves, at that time... It's more like soup. It isn't fun."

Kim raised her hands, "TMI. Seriously. I'll toss some ideas at a wall and see what sticks, okay? It might be possible to control it a bit better. Why don't you just tell your advisers to schedule it a week later?"

"Khan is in charge of that stuff." Chloe replied, "I'm not... Comfortable... Telling him."

"I could."

Chloe glared at her, "No. Seriously, no. I think he actually likes hearing."

"Gross." Kim shivered, "I'd fire him."

"Can't." Chloe blew a hair on her head, "The advisers have half the power of the crown. Until they're convinced I know what I'm doing. That's the way... My parents left it."

There was a painful memory. Both her parents had died when she was still little. She'd got the crown long before she knew if she even wanted it. She knew she didn't, today. She wanted to be a witch, first. Unfortunately, she wasn't going to give up the throne to Khan. He'd ruin not just Wizeria, but the whole world. He was not as politically aware as he thought he was.

He'd give up Wizeria to Populous, who would immediately attack Caerlorne, and the world around them would suffer. He didn't know to fear war, not yet. He thought it was a solution to economic and social strife.

Kim elbowed her, "Cheer up. Us girls stick together. I thought you'd figured that one out by now. We might argue and pull hair, but we're always there for each other."

Chloe grinned, "I wonder if Sin would get someone to haunt his bedroom?"

"Don't mention it." Kim replied, "Ever. She might take you seriously."

"Such a cutie." Chloe agreed, "I have no idea how she can be so naive. When she has tea with the King of the Underworld. Surely she has to know some of the bad in the world, right?"

"No idea." Kim shook her head, "Sin's been through some stuff. Getting turfed by the animancers. Living on the street, before her godmothers found her. You'd think she would think the worst of people. Maybe she just rejects it. I don't know why she's so trusting."

Chloe frowned, "I don't know. It doesn't feel like an act. Sin really does trust everyone. Which doesn't make any sense at all."

"She's kind."

They looked up at the prince, who held out his treasured items to the queen, who took them eagerly. She bit into the pigskin in bread, her toes curling. She was never allowed things like this. They weren't proper for a lady.

Sammeth sat down next to her, and smiled, "Sin is kind. I know many look down on the hedgewitch, for taking care of the lower parts of the city, but she chooses to. Whilst necromancy probably wouldn't be accepted in the higher parts, she could be using her magic to reap the fields where no one can see, or running mercenary armies. I bet she's got offers to kill off various nobles."

Chloe thought about it slowly, and nodded, "Sin could pretty much break through any and all magical defences. She's got the know how. Friends in low places. But she is dirt poor."

"Being poor doesn't matter to a necromancer." Kim stated, "No one even knows if her godmothers are alive or dead. I bet they'd be happy if Sin stole her food. She could take whatever she wanted. Only Dan would really be able to stop her."

The prince nodded, "That spell she used on van Decker. That is one of the most powerful known spells of necromancy. The ability to summon an army off the cuff like that... I don't know how she has any magic left. You can't just keep drawing from the leyline, right?"

Chloe nodded, "Yeah. We've all got a daily limit. Exhaustion kicks in. I don't think I've seen Sin ever hit her limit. You, Kim?"

"Not even when she burst the leyline." Kim said slowly, "She's creepy powerful. I don't think Sin realises it, though. She always looks up to you and Dan. Treats me as an equal, but I've worked hard to make that happen. She just thinks of herself as the little orphan girl."

The prince shifted uncomfortably, "This is awkward... But do you know if Sin's last name is her parents? Artur?"

Chloe glared at him, "Seriously? You think she's...?"

He nodded, "It fits."

Kim looked at the two of them, "Politics?"

Chloe sighed heavily, "It isn't secret. There was a family, a long time ago, called Artur, after their ancestor. The original Artur was a boy who became a king. He was an orphan, no one knows who his parents were. Artur the First founded Caerlorne. Supposedly, he was a boy with magic. Granted by the Faye, the Fair People."

Kim smiled, "I've heard lots of legends of boy witches. None of them ever turn out to be true."

Chloe smiled at her, "Yeah. Most of them have their origin with Artur. I've never met a Faye, but I know someone who actually has."

Kim looked down at the arena, the idea hitting her like a lightning bolt, "Morgana."

"Morgana de Faye." Chloe nodded slowly, "She was an orphan, too. A street kid in Caerlorne, which is not as bad an experience as Wizeria. A lot of my social reforms mimic that city. They're richer, so they can afford to do more. However, at a young age, Morgana vanished. She was dragged under the water, in front of several palace guards."

Sammeth spoke quietly, "Populous isn't exactly forthcoming, but we confirmed it as well. Morgana was raised by the Fair People. She's a witch, like you, but she wasn't raised by humans. She knows their magic. Ancient magic."

Kim looked at the both of them, "Did Morgana come at your invitation? Or did she come to meet Sin?"

"I can't tell you that." Chloe reiterated, which was a confirmation.

She wasn't going to keep that from her friend. Morgana had come to confirm if Sin was born of the ancient and powerful Arturian line. A line of kings and queens who had all exhibited miraculous abilities, far beyond what any witch should have been capable of.

Blessed by the Faye.

The original Artur may or may not be a legend. However, items attributed to him had repeatedly been confirmed to be magical items of ridiculous power. His sword was necromantic, capable of killing a soldier and turning them into an enslaved zombie at the same time. His cape was mildly tekmantic, capable of redirecting electric attacks. His shield was pyromantic. The list went on and on.

If Sin really was an Artur, then her blood might be the key to controlling these items that attacked anyone unworthy of picking them up. She might be the key to a city becoming powerful enough to conquer a neighbour, without fear of reprisal. Any counterattack would fall flat if the weapons of Artur were put back onto the battlefield.

Sin might be a danger to them all.

Not that it would really be news if she were.
