# Episode Sixteen: Dan vs the Tourney II

All the competitors had been given a few minutes to take a break, and prepare themselves for the pure potion round. As far as she could tell, Morgana was the only one confident in her work.

Penelope was furiously breaking down a handful of tekmagic components, looking to create hers from scratch. The woman was sweating, but smiling. Whatever Sin had said to her had improved the witch's attitude considerably. Maybe Dan wouldn't have to hate her one day.

As for Sin herself, she was leaning back in a chair, ankles crossed and feet on a table, sipping apple juice as a nearby skeleton was grinding down his own arm. As expected, the witch didn't look the bit concerned that she hadn't even begun to prepare, despite only having a couple minutes left.

Dan was looking at her own potion and wondering if she wanted to use it. It wasn't something that was usually her style. She'd prepared it only to undercut van Decker, who seemed intent on going off on her own tangent.

Morgana walked over to her, "You live in this city, do you not?"

"Yes." Dan replied, not looking up, "What are you interested in?"

"Sin."

Dan looked sideways at the lazy necromancer, "Why not ask? She's an open book."

"Her lineage is my interest. There are few with access to the Eternal Library and the genealogies that it contains." Morgana replied, "You could grant me access."

"Nope." Dan replied, finally looking up, "My godmothers are not likely to grant access to anyone. I am not supposed to go down there often. Though, you could ask Sin. Apparently she knows how to break in without setting off the alarms or security system."

Morgana smiled, "Interesting. She's an odd sort of witch, isn't she?"

Dan nodded slowly, "I consider her a friend."

"My godmother has banned me from approaching her." Morgana sighed, "I already am in trouble for speaking to her."

"Godmother, single? Why?"

Morgana nodded, "Yes, just the one. I'm a bit of a peculiarity. My godmother is convinced that Sin is the heir to some big thing. Can't say much. She could be, from what I've seen. But it would be hard work."

Dan laughed, "If you make it look hard, Sin will find a lazy way to do it. Or just make it look disturbingly easy. She could win this Tourney, if she tried. She invented both the potion and the rite she used in the first round."

Morgana smiled, a small and cheeky thing, "A woman after my own heart."

Dan froze up, remembering. And remembering that Morgana had spoken as if she'd seen in the absolute darkness.

The witch noticed, and smiled, "Piercing Gaze, I call it. Being able to see to the heart of any matter. A magical ability, like your ability to see water in the air. Uses no mana, and can't be switched off once awoken."

Dan glared at her, "Sounds irritating."

"Not so much." Morgana replied.

"For me."

The witch grinned at her, "Maybe. Private things are private. I have no desire to speak of them. I learned that well as a child."

"Time's up!" The announcer called.

Dan put her potion away with frustration. She didn't have a choice. She would have to use it as it was.

Sin stood up, and swept the bonemeal into her apple juice, capped the bottle and shook it up. Dan had no idea what she was planning, but it seemed there actually was a plan. Though juice and bonemeal didn't seem much of a potion.

Penelope on the other hand seemed to have a well thought-out plan. The potion sparkled and crackled with tekmagic. Hopefully it was not as impressive as it seemed, or the witch would probably win. Again.

She would not be defeated by the witch. She had, however, been completely distracted by Morgana. Maybe that was the aim, to knock her sideways. The witch didn't exactly exude kindness. A sort of impishness, maybe. Like she was planning on yanking out your seat the moment you tried to sit on it.

The suggestion that Sin was a descendent of Artur himself was obvious, but it didn't make sense. The family name of his would have changed a dozen times since then. Sin's family name might not even be a family name. Her middle name was probably a moniker given to her the moment someone realised she had magical ability.

None of her names were likely to mean a single thing. Hyacinth certainly didn't. It was Dan's own mother who gave it to her. She didn't like the name that Sin had been born to. Selene.

Dan didn't know if the other names were changed. Knowing her mother, they were. Her mother hated everyone, and everything. She hated the imperfections that came with the real world. She wouldn't let a thing like Sin maintain her existence.

The legend of Artur, the wizard, was old. It was little more than a fable at this point. More than one or two of her own family members had attempted to uncover the origin. To find Artur, would be to find the magic of the Faye, a magic that dwarfed every witch in history.

However, that couldn't be Morgana's reasoning. She already knew of Faye magic. It wasn't entirely clear if they had taught any of it to the foreigner, but she could find it without resorting to myths and legends.

A single godmother. They might be a witch, or one of the Fair People. Either way, uncovering Morgana's motivation in studying her friend would not be possible without finding a way to understand the one who had sent her. Who forbid interaction with Sin.

Of course. Sin was a necromancer. She would be able to summon and quiz her own ancestors. It was possible Morgana's talk with Dan had been meant to be overheard by Sin, to encourage her to discover the answer, when Morgana was forbidden from telling her.

The noise of the crowd hit her as she stepped into the arena. Loud, and excited. Nobody had been eliminated yet, which either meant a surprise bonus round, or double eliminations. The latter was far more likely, given the lack of ingredients in the arena.

Dan took her place, waiting for the crowd to calm down and let the announcer speak.

She wasn't having fun anymore.

Morgana posed a direct threat to someone she cared about. This whole competition was now a barely veiled threat. The witch had shown herself to be an extremely powerful animancer, maybe even Dan's equal.

If Morgana's next potion was a threat to Chloe or Sin, then Dan would have to decide whether she was willing to risk a diplomatic incident and her own freedom to protect the people she held dear.

She would probably be thrown out of her coven, and disowned by her mother if it came to that.

Silver linings.

"Let me refresh your minds!" The anouncer yelled, "Sin, of Wizeria, stands at six thousand one hundred and two points!"

There was a small smattering of applause. It seemed that Sin's antics had begun to form her a group of people who liked her. It was hard to resist the charm of the little hedgewitch. She looked innocent, but her magic tended towards the incomprehensible.

"Penelope van Decker, of Ogrinfeld, after the interference of Sin, has been awarded ten thousand points!" The announcer screamed.

Fair. It was less than she would have earned with her potion, but she had been caught trying to cheat. It also put her above Sin, and within shouting distance of the other two. She could still easily win this.

"Danierre de Amore, of Wizeria, stunned us all by rewriting magical theory! For this, she earned ten thousand and three points!"

From the way he put it, she deserved far more. She hadn't impressed enough people. She hadn't tried to play the crowd. She had made the same mistake she had made every time for the last five years. The mistake that had always let Penelope beat her. It might, again. Every point would matter.

"Morgana de Faye, our distant friend from Caerlorne, wowed us by using a potion to transform into that most mystical of creatures, the dragon! In doing so, she earned twelve thousand, eight hundred and three points! You adore this witch!" The announcer yelled, as the crowd whipped into a frenzy.

Morgana was a threat to them all. The competition, and the real world. Dan could not let her live.
