# Episode Seventeen: Sin vs the Tourney III

"Any more incidents, and you're out. No questions." The announcer whispered to her, "And good luck ever getting an invitation again, unless you manage to win. Is that clear?"

Sin looked at him innocently, "Really? Okay."

He shook his head, not believing that he had got through to her. In a way, he hadn't. She had just been in this for the fun. To do what she had to Dan, and to stand here and watch all the potion masters up close.

Dan had rewritten magical rules. Morgana had turned into a freaking dragon. And Penelope, even if she had interfered, had nearly enslaved an entire arena of people to her will. Every single one of them had earned the title of potion master.

She, on the other hand, probably hadn't.

"And now! For the start of round two!" The announcer projected his voice, "First up, our very own... Sin!"

Some people actually applauded. For her. All she had done was a simple illusion, born out of fear of death. It wasn't anything that impressive. It might have tricked a few into thinking it was something special, simply because they had never seen a necromancer's magic before.

She held up her bottle, and smiled timidly. She had no idea what to call it. It was a simple two-ingredient potion. It barely deserved to be called a potion. "This is... Bonemeal and apple juice?"

The crowd immediately began to boo.

The announcer looked at her, "Seriously? It doesn't even have a name? Is that actually a magical potion?"

"Absolutely." Sin replied, "To both."

She flicked the bottle once, and then a second time. Then she tossed it aside, and turned away, not looking as it crashed to the ground. Not looking as the entire arena shook, as the crowd screamed in terror.

She turned around slowly, crossing her arms as she saw the scene. Saw the ghouls and skeletons crawling out of every surface of the building, screaming and grasping for the living.

The tentacles reaching out from the Underworld, questing for living flesh. To take it, crush it and destroy it. The horror rising from where her apple juice had fallen. A horror like nothing else. The sun refused to shine on it.

It had no static form, no physicality that could be described in the meager dimensions that could be percieved by the human mind. The mind of a witch was worse. It existed as magic, and as the ethereal. Yet even there, it could not be seen fully. Nothing of this creature belonged in this world.

The audience screamed, some trying to gouge out their own eyes as they saw the creature in front of them. Something that they were not worthy to see. Something they were not insane enough to comprehend.

Sin waved to it, smiling, "Hello, Beezle."

The announcer was on his knees, simultaneously crying and wetting himself in horror. "What... is... it?"

"The King of the Underworld." Sin smiled proudly, "A close friend of mine. He can be merciful, if you show him respect."

The announcer looked at her, "You summoned... The King... Of the Underworld? Are you insane?"

"Some say so." Sin nodded, and then turned, "Beezle, I think they've had enough. Can you reverse it on the way out?"

The creature bowed to her, and the shadows evaporated. The tentacles turned to ash. The skeletons squealed as they were dragged back to the Underworld. The ghouls howled as they exploded.

The damage the audience had done to themselves was undone. Bloodied skin faded like a bad memory. Injuries evaporated into the air, as if they had never been there in the first place. Pee, vomit and all the disgusting things that happened when true fear hit, disappeared slowly, as if melting away.

The entire arena took a ragged breath inward, feeling shaken to their core. They had born witness to something that was not for mortal eyes. They had seen a witch use a tiny potion, that could barely even be called that, and it had summoned something that their minds were so horrified by it was already burying it below layers of psychosis.

Sin spoke loudly, "Do not vote against me."

The announcer scrabbled to his feet, as the blue light of the golem displays appeared in front of the crowd. As her threat penetrated their skulls. As each of them looked at the witch in the funny hat and tried to comprehend why they feared her beyond anything they had feared in their lives.

Few of them would even be able to recall why they were afraid of her. None of them would be able to agree on what they had just seen, unless they were a witch themselves.

Those witches, who had seen what she had done, would be even more terrified of her. Because they would know that what she had done wasn't a potion. It was an invitation. Technically a potion, but only barely.

Invitations could only be made to creatures that you had made a contract with. Things that you knew the True Name of. Things that you could control with a whisper, and a command. So the witches knew, they all knew, that she could command the entirety of the Underworld, through their king.

Most of the witches would vote against her, out of fear.

She didn't care, one way or the other. She was just making this up as she went along. She hadn't prepared a second potion, because she never expected to get as far as this. Fear wasn't what she wanted to use, really. She'd love to make cupcakes, but she figured that would just go badly.

She had been going to just forfeit, and went to find some snacks, when she found the bottle of apple juice. The idea had just sort of bubbled up in her mind. It wasn't as cruel as all that. Nobody would remember any of it in just a few minutes. Their minds would replace the fear with just an uncomfortable feeling and a blank spot.

"This doesn't count as an incident, does it?" Sin asked, "I didn't break any of the rules."

The announcer looked at her, as if he thought she looked as strange and otherworldly as her friend had, "... No. I guess it doesn't."

The assistant ran out with the votes in their hand, passing it to him. He looked down and back up, "You're kidding me. Check the system. Maybe she fritzed it."

"We have Kimiko herself look it over." The assistant whispered, "Apparently she was in the stands. There's no margin for error. The vote is accurate."

The announcer rolled her eyes, "Yeah, right."

Sin tapped his shoulder, and pointed, and then waved as she got the witch's attention. "That's Kim."

The announcer raised an eyebrow, "How would a hedgewitch like you possibly know?"

"Back off." Dan snapped angrily, "Just because she made you wet yourself. She is a friend of Kimiko, and of Χλόη. I count her among my friends. How could you possibly know what circles a witch travels in?"

The man swallowed nervously, looking over at Dan in surprise, "Sorry, Lady de Amore."

Morgana interrupted, "That's the wrong person to be apologising to. You irritated a necromancer. Do you enjoy the prospect of death? Keep sidelining her."

"Stop it." Sin stomped her foot, "I don't care. People always treat me like this. You even treated me like it, Dan."

Dan nodded, accepting her friend's judgement without apology. She would feel justified in her actions, as always. It was as irritating as ever, too. The superiority of the Animancy Coven was as strong in her as ever.

Morgana was a surprise, however. She knew the witch was fun, but she wasn't naive, either. She had heard them talking about her. That witch thought she was some long lost something or other.

Not likely.

She hung out with demons and ghost and ghouls. If she was a long lost anything, they probably would have told her by now. The benefit of having friends in extremely low places.

She hated it when people felt the need to protect her. She wasn't a nothing. She was as far from incapable of defending herself as she could be. Her godmothers might be cruel at times, but they certainly hadn't raised her to be weak.

The announcer projected his voice, "Sin has achieved a record-breaking score of twenty thousand points! Every single one of you voted for her!"

The crowd reaction was mixed. As if they could hardly believe that they had voted for her. Most of them wouldn't understand it, and for a few they wouldn't even remember voting. But she didn't doubt the result. Not if Kim had double-checked it.

Maybe meet the King of the Underworld was a bigger shock to the system than she'd thought. She'd expected at least a few witches would vote against her. Instead, she was stuck in the competition.

How the heck was she going to top this in the next round?

It was supposed to be the hardest. They'd had the open round, where anything vaguely alchemic could pass, and the simple round where it had to be just a potion. The next round, usually the final round, was the compound round.

Two innocent and simple potions tossed together to form something unique and amazing.

It would take a miracle for her to be able to complete two in the short break. She just had to hope the others did well enough to eliminate her.
