# Episode Eighteen: Kim vs the Tourney III

Kim sat down next to the couple again, and breathed a sigh of relief. "They thought the system was broken."

"More like the people." Chloe laughed, "I can't believe she actually did that to us. Summoning him of all creatures."

Kim laughed, "You know he's her friend, right? She probably thought it was no big deal. Like introducing your friends to that celebrity queen you might know."

The prince looked at the both of them, "Why are you acting so casual? That... That... If she can bind him, which she obviously can, then she could destroy the entire city!"

"She nearly does that without trying." Kim laughed, "Sin's just cute. She has no idea what is and isn't creepy for the rest of us. Seriously. If Sin wanted to be a threat, she would be... But she doesn't."

He winced, "A witch of Populous would be put on a tight leash."

"Maybe that's why you only have the one." Chloe retorted, and glared at him, "You seem to be forgetting that I am a witch. We don't treat people like tools just because they have magic."

"Next up, we have the amazing Penelope van Decker!"

Kim grinned to herself, leaning forward. "She made a tekmantic potion. I've never even heard of her touching anything but auramancy. What about the nerdsquad?"

Chloe just elbowed her, but apparently the prince didn't care or didn't notice the insult. "No, I don't think anyone has. In fact, none of her products are even remotely out of that field. Everything she has ever released is firmly inside her school of magic."

Chloe and Kim looked at each other knowingly, "Godmothers."

"What? Did I miss something?"

The girls rolled their eyes at the same time, and Chloe looked down at him, "Sorry, you wouldn't understand. Just a thing of how things are."

Kim smiled and shrugged, "Just a witch thing. Let it go. Unless you want to hear a dozen sob stories. And grow to hate a lot about how we're raised."

"I guess learning magic isn't easy." The prince said, completely missing the mark. Kim had it better than most. Her godmothers had done nothing but encourage her tinkering and blowing things up. They still did.

Tekmancers tended to be earthy people. They didn't care about tradition or culture or expectations. Even bad tekmancy, if it worked, it was good enough. Half the machines in the world were held together with spit, effort and hope. It wasn't a great situation, but if it worked, it worked.

Elegant approaches often took a backstep when there was actual work to be done.

However, everything about Penelope van Decker was elegant. The angle she wore her hat, the colour scheme, the way she held herself. She knew that was the center of the spotlight, and she loved it.

"I present, the nanovore!"

Kim's eyes shot open, "No frickin' way."

She ignored the other two looking to her. She was not missing a single moment. Not if van Decker believed that, with a few spare parts, she had managed to create something that Kim had been working her entire life towards.

The witch swallowed the potion, and a small glow began to surround her. Kim grabbed a cube from inside her robe and began typing on it furiously reading and extrapolating every single thing that her sensors could pick up.

"Instability." She muttered to herself, "Allowing the... Collapsing... Waveforms... Rising... Missing interface... Resonance..."

"Kim." Chloe snapped, "The hell is she glowing for?"

The witch kept looking at her readouts on the small cube, "She's in a 'vore. A golem. I don't know if she's pulled it off. It's supposed to be skin tight, but as tough as a teknovore."

Chloe spoke softly to herself, "A skin tight golem. Unimpeded view of the world. That would be... Significant."

"I've only been trying for half my life to invent the nanovore." Kim muttered, "If it were this easy, it'd be done. She's close... But she doesn't have the interface locked."

Chloe frowned, "Usually a 'vore deactivates when you don't get a lock, right?"

"No." Kim shook her head, glaring at the scene in front of her, "That's a safety feature that I built into the golem base code. Except that thing down there isn't using my base code, because it can't."

The prince coughed, "I'm afraid I don't know what happens if... The interface doesn't lock?"

"Interface locking is where the controls of the golem are given to the pilot." Kim said with irritation, "In a teknovore, it's when your runes flash, because the runes and the 'vore resonate. They become part of the same thing. A golem is a living thing. Right now, that golem is wrapped around its pilot... But she's not in control of it yet."

"Threat assessment." Chloe said standing up slowly and drawing her wand.

Kim kept tapping away on the cube, looking at the readouts, "If it stays inside the barrier, minimal. If it tries to escape the arena, critical. van Decker has about thirty seconds to achieve resonance, or the golem with develop its own mind and purpose, at which point, it might kill her to achieve what it wants."

"Aren't golems supposedly serial killers in the old legends?" The prince asked nervously.

"Nothing so emotional." Kim shook her head, "Their goals are the same as their base code. A nanovore, and this is guessing, probably seeks to replicate itself. Because its a bunch of tiny machines working together at a molecular level."

"That doesn't sound too bad."

Kim smiled grimly, "You don't get something for nothing. To be able to create more of themselves, they'll pull apart the air and ground around them, turning everything into the raw materials they need. They'll eat the city. As they grow in number, the process will accelerate."

"Can she get it under control?" Chloe insisted.

Kim finished typing, looking at her display.

"Kim!"

"No."

"Imperius immobillus!" Chloe yelled, the ice shooting out of her wand and striking the figure in the arena. The queen rushed forward on her broom, not waiting to see if her spell even had any effect.

Kim flipped the cube in her hand, and it expanded and slammed into the ground, spikes emerging from it's suddenly much larger sides. She turned to the prince, "Make sure no one touches this. I need it if I'm going to help."

Then she held up a hand and her broom dropped from the sky. She grabbed a handle and swung onto it, "Emeragus Dan!"

The red sparks shot towards the scene, as she pulled the display down on her hat, and began to highlight areas of the arena in front of her. She could pick up the electrical decay of the teknovores already spreading rapidly.

She could see most of the other witches already responding. Some were beginning to evacuate the arena, working on crowd control. A few were looking to step in and help. Kim fired off emeragus at them, telling them to back off.

She and hers could handle this, and if she couldn't, then everyone was better off running anyway. Containment was the goal. She needed to take the magical containment grid around the arena and make it smaller. It wouldn't fully contain the nanovores, but it would slow them down.

There was a jerk on her broom, and she glanced back to see the witch in all-black sitting behind her. Morgana looked at her seriously, "I can get you an interface to the 'vore. Can you shut it down?"

Kim shrugged, "Maybe."

"Circle higher." Morgana commanded.
