# Episode Nineteen: Chloe vs the Tourney III

Morgana and Kim were doing something, and it was irritating the 'vore. The sparkling light of their presence kept swarming up towards the two of them, diverted only dy Dan's fast reactions with simple blocking spells.

Things like this always happened at the Tourney.

Someone would get overly cocky, and try to pull off a miracle without the safe environment to do it in, and then everything would go sideways. This was why she had so many people on the ground with experience. The rest of the city might not have the protection of the very best, might even be vulnerable to attack.

No one was ever stupid enough to attack and let whatever was going wrong in the Tourney escape and destroy the city they were so interested in seizing. Well, not yet, anyway. Underestimating human stupidity was the downfall of... Anybody who ever had a taste of power.

The months following the end of the Tourney weren't much better, amateur witches trying to prove that they had what it takes to do what they'd seen demonstrated. Which absolutely none of them had.

Underworld, some of them might even try to create the nanovores. Which appeared to easy, considering how dangerous they were proving.

Sin looked up from where she had been sitting and thinking, "So, they work by eating things, right?"

Chloe flicked off another spell, trying to keep it contained, "Yes, and? What's your insane idea, Sin? Before you try it!"

She was too late with the last word.

"Oblivia darkus!" Sin shouted, her wand sparking with shadows as she held it over her head.

Chloe raised an eyebrow, looking over at Sin. Nothing obvious had happened. She'd felt the leyline fluctuate, as if something truly magical was going off, so Sin had to have done something. Which probably meant she had caused an ever worse disaster.

Sin stood up, "So, we just need to find everyone, and then I can port us out."

Chloe frowned, "Wait. Did you just banish the entire arena to a dark oblivion?"

Sin nodded excitedly and Chloe winced, "Oh for... How long do we have before this place collapses?"

Sin looked at her blankly.

"Pocket dimensions don't last forever!" Chloe yelled, "We have a lot of people to evacuate!"

"My wardrobe is about a hundred and eighty years old." Sin shrugged.

Chloe scratched her head, "You've lost me."

"My wardrobe." Sin said slowly, "It was hexed, with oblivia darkus. To make it easier to... Store things."

Chloe looked at her in surprise, "A necromancer used a dark oblivion as a walk-in?"

Sin laughed, "No... More like that one drawer you always forget to clean. I remember once a year or so."

Chloe acrually couldn't relate to that at all. Every drawer in her wardrobe got cleaned daily. Even the embarassing one. The servant who forgot would probably end up getting fired. But, she did get the point that a dark oblivion could be anchored.

"What did you anchor us to?"

Sin shrugged, "Snowball."

Using a living thing as an anchor shouldn't be possible, but there was a chance the cat actually wasn't alive to begin with. Which was a disturbing thought that Chloe didn't want to focus on.

"Dan, you hear the plan?"

The sweating witch just shouted at them angrily, "Do it already!"

Chloe moved over to the stands, and began gathering the crowd towards her, "Form an orderly line!"

Meanwhile, Sin sketched out a quick circle in the soil, and then stood in the centre of it. Chloe brought ten or so people over and Sin grinned at them, "Please step to the side if you have night terrors or believe you may be prone to them. We're arranging alternate transport for you."

Chloe rolled her eyes. Of course whatever Sin was planning was nightmare inducing or sensitive to nightmares in a nightmare-inducing way. She just pretended not to notice. It was easier to live with yourself if you didn't acknowledge that Sin was a walking night terror.

"First, some safety tips. Keep yours hands inside the circle at all times, and shut your eyes unless you want them to bleed into your brain." Sin smiled sweetly. The people in the circle looked around warily and the witch grinned, drawing her wand, "Alright, off we go! Trepidatio vectio!"

Chloe shielded her eyes as the group vanished in a flash of hellflame. She smiled and turned, "Next ten, over here. Same question as the last lot. If you have night terrors, or think you might, step over there. We'll help you out in a moment."

She hoped that they would.

Whatever Kim was doing was slowing down the spread of the light bugs, but it wasn't stopping them. They were still multiplying, and the swarms were moving faster, and with greater unity. Spreading out an attacking at multiple angles.

She really wished they could talk to Penelope, and find out what the witch had possibly been thinking, but at this point, it looked like they were probably going to have to leave her behind, just to escape intact.

Sin popped back up in the middle of the circle with a grin, "Okay! Next lot!"

Chloe wasn't listening as Sin repeated her speel, and then vanished. Her ability was as disturbing as ever. Yanking that many people between two dimensions, one only bound by a small thread to a moving feline, would take everything that Chloe had. The little hedgewitch who killed flowers just by touching them, who had tea with the King of the Underworld, and brought teddy bears to life, was a power that she didn't know if she'd appropriately threat assessed.

Everyone had always treated Dan like she was the unequivocal most powerful witch in the city. She was the leading apprentice for Animancy Coven. A coven that Sin had started out in, and been a total disaster. Couldn't pull off even basic spells. So everyone expected her to be a failure.

She wasn't a failure. She was a disaster. Her godmothers hadn't decided to try and bring her into the Necromancy Coven because Sin was a failure at magic. It was because Sin always had the spark of necromancy in her.

The animancy godmothers should have known that.

A problem for another time.

"Off we go, trepidatio vectio!"

Chloe spun and lashed out, "Imperius immobillus!"

The swarm buzzed for a moment, hesitating. It was long enough for her to do what needed to be done. The queen wasn't a queen today. Right now, she was a witch. The witch that represented a long line of cryomancy, and a heck of a lot of power, was here.

"Cryomurus!" The spell snapped out, freezing the water in the air into a solid wall. An unbreakable wall. She waved her wand, growing it out in all directions, bending it overhead and sealing the arena away as the bugs attacked. They might be able to chew through the ice, but it would take them time.

Kim's voice ripped through the arena, loud and clear, "Tofu burrito!"

Chloe looked up at her in confusion, and then she saw the blinking lights beginning to fall to the ground slowly, and smiled slowly. So the tekmancer had actually been doing something as she floated up there.

That was something, but it was wiser to let lie and evacuate, all the same. With the arena in oblivion, however, they would have to postpone the remainder of the Tourney.

Obviously, Penelope had been eliminated. If the organisers weren't willing to say it, she would be willing to issue an edict. As well as a letter of encouragement. Perhaps, with Kim's guidance, Penelope could help push the boundaries of tekmagic.

"Yay! I'm back!" Sin shouted, "Who is next to step through the mysteries that lie beyond death?"

Evacuating would take forever if Sin was allowed to keep talking.
