# Episode Twenty: Dan vs Mood

She was lying on her bed. Maybe she was moping. She certainly wasn't feeling happy. Confused, slightly angry, extremely irritated, and just a little bit in the mood to make someone or something suffer.

The open textbook lay on her desk, positioned at just the right angle, beside her notebook. Two pens, a highlighter, and an eraser were also at the ready. There was text written halfway down the page in a flowing, but legible, script.

She couldn't study. Her mind felt like someone had sucked all the energy out of it and farted some confusing emotions back in. Emotions that she didn't even understand why she was feeling. They weren't connected to any memories or thoughts. They just sat there, like hovering ghasts or billious toads.

She was demotivated, and not understanding herself just made her feel even more frustrated. She couldn't focus on study, or spellmaking. The only thing she seemed to have the energy to do was lie in bed, eating crisps and hating herself for eating.

The hate was real.

It had been building for a long time. She didn't know when it started, but she did know that she truly, and utterly, hated herself. She hated the way she looked. She hated how she pretended to be perfect for her godmothers. She hated herself for smiling when her friends spoke to her. She hated the fact that she was breathing.

She also hated that she knew her godmothers knew she hated herself, and did nothing about it. She tried to pass it off. That maybe they didn't know how to help. Or maybe this was supposed to be another of their tests. It didn't matter to her. They were as useless as she was.

"Shut up, shut up!" An urgent whisper sounded from nearby. Dan sat up in surprise, looking around to see who had caught her wallowing in her self-despair, when a flying ball of fur and claws launched at her face from the window sill.

"Imperius immobillus!" Dan whipped out her wand, catching on her bag of chips and scattering them, crumbs and salt across her entire room. The feline was caught mid-leap, confusion on its face as it thunked to the ground as a solid brick of ice.

A well-worn boot stepped onto the window sill, and Dan sighed in frustration and sheathed her wand, "I assume this thing is yours?"

Sin grinned, crouching on the sill and holding onto her hat, "Sorry. Snowball is misbehaving. I think he got jealous after all the attention everyone else got at the Tourney."

Dan shrugged, "Take it on your way out. I have some cleaning to do."

Sin sat down, her legs dangling into the room, "What?"

"I told you to go." Dan snapped, nearly bursting into tears. The hedgewitch cocked her head, looking at her, and bit her lip, fighting back her own torrent of emotions.

Dan looked away before she caved, "I just want to be alone."

"No, you don't." Sin's voice came out angrily, "You want to hurt. Just to feel something that is anything."

Dan spun back to her, "I am better off alone!"

Sin matched her glare, a tear running down her grimey face, "I'm staying. Whether you want me to or not."

"Fine." Dan shook her head and raised her wand to teleport, when a blast of magic hit it, "Vectio!"

She glared at Sin, absolutely incensed, looking as the witch shoved Dan's wand down her top, "No. You don't get to run away."

"Don't tell me what to do, Hyacinth!" Dan screamed at her.

Sin took off her hat and placed it deliberately on the study table, and then crossed her arms. Dan felt herself fuming, about to explode. She didn't want Sin to be the one she laid into, but the witch was certainly asking for it. If she didn't give her wand back, and piss off, then Dan would unleash horrors the like of which the Underworld had never known.

"Ba'al!" Dan commanded, summoning her bound demon by its true name. It appeared in a flash of blue light and white smoke. The creature had to morph it's physical form just to fit in the room, mostly muscle and tusks.

She pointed, "Retrieve my wand."

Ba'al didn't question her, he couldn't. He just reached out for the witch, and Sin knocked aside his hand. She didn't try and use any magic, or hesitate. She was just dismissive of the attack like it wasn't one of the demirulers of the Underworld.

The creature shook his hand as if it hurt, and looked at her in confusion. Sin glared passed him at Dan, "Don't be a witch about this."

"I am a witch!" Dan snapped, "I have treated you like dirt unworthy to stick to my shoe for years! Why do you presume to command me? To take what is mine? To know my mind better than I myself know it? I will strike you down!"

Sin yawned, "Are you done with the tantrum yet? Oh, and Ba'al, for touching me... You are exiled to the Pit for ten years."

The demon vanished, screaming.

Dan swallowed nervously, looking at her friend, "Did... Did you just exile my demon, one of the demirulers, to the Pit beneath the Underworld? How? That's not possible. You're just a witch. You don't get to make rules."

Sin shrugged, ignoring the question completely, "Are you going to be reasonable? Or are you going to continue to pretend like you hate me? I've got some patience for abuse, thanks to your godmothers, but I still have feelings."

Dan clenched her fists, summoning up her courage, "Eauq aem edder!"

Raw magic, without a tool like a wand to channel it, was dangerous, difficult, and stupid. It wasn't that it was weaker than using a channel, it was so strong that it began to create its own magical effects and side-effects.

Sin swatted aside the spell.

Dan's jaw dropped, and she fell to her knees, "What in the utter fuck?"

The room flashed bright red, and Dan winced as she felt her mouth fill with soapy water. She spat it out, scraping at her tongue. She had learned a very long time ago that her godmothers disapproved of swearing.

Sin raised an eyebrow, "That was weird. Oh well. Dan... You have to realise it by now. You're depressed. So I'm not leaving you alone. Not until I can make it slightly better. I can't fix it. I can help. That's all."

She hadn't realised it.

She had read about depression, of course. Something for weaker wills than her own. Less powerful minds. Less skilled witches. Lesser people. It wasn't possible that she, the greatest animancer to have lived, could be suffering from such a weak thing.

Sin smiled at her knowingly, "Depression can hit anyone, Dan. Witches can't cure it. We can make people fall in love. That should tell you something. It isn't something to be ashamed of. It's a chemical thing. Your brain screwing with you. There are things that can help."

Dan shook her head, "I've screamed at you. I've summoned demons, and even tried to cast raw magic. I know you're slow, but are you really this slow?"

Sin dropped into the room and walked over to her, sitting down beside her and putting both arms around her in a hug, "Yup!"

Dan felt tears running down her cheeks, as she tried to pretend that this meant nothing at all to her. She just wanted to be left alone. She didn't want Sin here. She didn't want her cat. She didn't want Sin to show her any kind of affection.

Sin rested her head on Dan's shoulder and smiled, "Still trying to lie to yourself?"

Dan shook her head, too upset to speak.

"Do you want a cupcake?"

Dan nodded stiffly, trying to pretend not to notice that it sent tears flying from her face.

Sin waved her wand, "Creepius summonae!"

A picnic blanket, a woven basket, and a tea set, appeared. Sin waved her wand, spawning a tiny whirl of wind and the basket was dragged over and opened. She glared down at it, "I brought ten cupcakes. Not eight."

Dan smiled weakly as she realised that a demon in the Underworld must have taken two of them as the objects passed through. Impressive, but perhaps suicidal, considering Sin's rather creepy ability to do whatever she felt like.

Sin picked up a cupcake, still hugging her and held it up to her mouth. Dan took abite, smiling despite herself.

She still hated herself for eating more crap, but it coming from a friend made her feel slightly less like she was diahorea out of a troll's behind.

Sin held her, "I'm always going to be here for you. This isn't going away overnight. You have me and Chloe and Kim. Always. Even when you don't want us."

Dan sighed heavily and relaxed into the hug, "I'll turn you into an ant and crush you under my boot if you leave. That's what you've signed up for."

Sin giggled at her.
