# Episode Twenty One: Sin vs Boredom

She tapped a finger to her chin as the blood rushed to her head. It was starting to get painful, if she was honest, but it wasn't solving her problem. She'd hoped that hanging upside down from her favourite tree in the Dead Forest would give her an idea.

It was just giving her a headache.

She dropped onto the ground inelegantly, and leaned back against the tree. Snowball leapt into her lap and curled into a ball. Sin knew better than to try and pet him. This was a trap.

She was bored.

She did have some study she could be doing, but she didn't have to. One day a week where she could do whatever she wanted. That was what her godmothers granted her, and usually she would go absolutely wild with it, having planned for it the whole week.

But with the Tourney, and then Dan's depression, she was out of ideas. That and she was banned from leaving the Dead Forest, and the godmothers had actually erected a barrier that she couldn't breach.

She could bounce into the Underworld, but then she got torn back, and emptied her stomach, bladder and bowels simultaneously. The godmothers knew how to make it mean.

She sighed, and looked up at the sky, "Why is home so boring, Snowball? it should be fun. I have magic. I can make new magic. I could summon any demon and have a tea party but... I just... Can't be bothered. Too much like work."

The cat meowed and stretched tiredly.

"There are no plays in the Dead Forest." Sin answered her cat, "I know you like them, and I do as well. But we're not exactly going to catch 'The Demon Wizard of Drek' in the middle of absolute butthole. Nobody else lives here."

Snowball meowed sarcastically, an ability that all cats possess.

Sin frowned, "I guess... I could summon some things to act it out for us... But they've never acted before. And there will be no props. It won't be any good."

Snowball curled into a ball. He didn't particularly care, he was more than happy to sleep in her lap. Which would trap her for the whole day, in utter boredom, unless she wanted her arm lacerated.

"Fine." Sin replied, "Get up. Time to summon a cast of the dead."

The cat glared at her, and lazily rolled off her and landed on its back in the dirt. Sin stood up, thinking. It was the first play that the creatures would be attempting, probably. The only other necromancers were her godmothers, and she couldn't think of them doing something like this. Or doing anything for fun, to be honest.

She needed something simple, and something that would be fun to watch even if they did badly. As much as she adored the tragedy of 'the Demon Wizard of Drek', there was no way they could pull of the subtleties necessary. The serial killer wrapped inside a hero was not something that could be done by a rotting corpse that didn't even remembered if it was human.

The simplest story was probably a comedy. The guy gets his girl, and defeats the evil. Something like that. Most of those were boring. A few were cute and funny enough that you could make it through. One of those would work.

"Morguin of Avalon." Sin stated, almost as a command. Daring anyone within hearing distance to question the wisdom of her choice, the beauty of the play, and the excitement that this undertaking would have.

Snowball yowled sarcastically.

"Oblivia darkus!" Sin banished the doubter. She tapped her foot for a minute, counting down the seconds. She walked over to a tree, inspecting it and pruning one of the smaller dead branches.

She shrugged, "Creepius summonae."

The angry white furball flung itself away from the questing dead hands as they screamed their way out of the Underworld. He meowled at her angrily, scuffed her boot once and turned around, walking back towards the house.

Sin's eyes watered, "But... If you leave... Who will watch my play?"

Snowball huffed.

"No. Not my godmothers." Sin glared, "They're the ones that grounded me. Well, I did break a lot of rules... But they grounded me. I can't even invite my friends!"

The cat's response was clear.

It was not his problem.

Sin fell to her knees crying loudly. She had almost escaped her prison of boredom. Now she was trapped here, with nothing to do. Snowball was holding a grudge against her for a teeny-tiny banishment to a dark oblivion. It wasn't her fault that he was such an annoying spirit trapped in a cat's body!

There was only one thing for it.

She wiped her tears, and prepared herself. She wouldn't be putting on the play today. She would be preparing it. She would bind the souls, and teach them. Until she could summon her friends to witness the glory that was her direction!

First though, she needed to know what she was dealing with. Just how much rewriting would she need to do? The action scenes would be a problem for the ones that fell apart, but when you offer a longterm contract, you never knew what kind you would get.

"Seven suns rise, seven suns fall, seven rise to my call!" She began the rite, violet eyes flashing beneath her hat, "I offer power! I offer glory! I offer the stage to earn thy honour!"

She placed her feet apart carefully, holding out her hands as if she were offering something up. "Of romance, of betrayal, I offer the court of Artur!"

"Rise, again! Actors old, actors new, actors long expired!" Sin shouted, "Come forth from the shadows, beyond the curtain, to face the crowd!"

She was beginning to feel silly at this point. With most rites, the ground would have shaken by now, or at least an unearthly howl or something. Had she remembered it properly? Maybe there was a missing ingredient. Or maybe no one wanted to play with her. She had been summoning and binding a lot.

Maybe they wanted her to show them some more respect. Some space from being summoned, and more presents. That would make sense. They were her friends, not her toys.

"Let the shadow of Morguin stretch, let her love, her tragedy, be seen upon the stage. Let the glory of Artur shine, as he fought for what was just, and what was kind. Clothe yourself in mortal flesh, and appear before me, now."

She sighed, sitting down and blowing out her cheeks. No one had turned up. She had definently got something wrong. She was used to disaster, and failure. It didn't change the fact that she would be extremely bored.

The ground in front of her lifted like a trapdoor, revealing the sparkling blue eyes of something dead, "Eh... Only seven? That's all you'll be wanting?"

Sin blinked, surprised, "I... Guess? I'm stll working out how a play run by dead people will work."

The eyes twinkled excitedly, "We could have rehearsals! That'll cut out the arguments down here."

Sin cocked her head, "Arguments?"

"Well, you're Sin. Everybody down here wants to help you out. You give us food and drink even when we no longer have the organs for it." The hidden face rasped, "Everybody likes you, witch."

Sin leaned back, "How many people have lined up their interest...?"

A question she had been forced to learn after her last portentia potentia had just about emptied the entire Underworld. She did learn from her mistakes, even if she still made them.

"About twenty... Twenty five."

"That's not bad."

"Thousand." The demonic entity continued, "Sorry. Talking without. A tongue can be. Difficult."

Sin leaned forward quickly, "Thousand!? No way! A hundred or less. You might be immortal, but I'm not!"

The entity seemed confused for a moment, and then the shadows nodded and the earth dropped shut.

She blew her hair. The dead had no idea what was reasonable. Did all necromancers have to deal with this kind of ludicrousness?

