# Episode Twenty Two: Kim vs Solomon

A day off. This was the day of the week that Kim struggled with the most. Her godmothers would ban her from using tekmagic. They never listened when she tried to tell them that programming golems was fun for her. She wasn't allowed to mess with any of that.

She also couldn't stay at home reading tekmanuals and magazines about all the latest inventions and crazes. She was kicked out the door and told to go explore and experience the city, and to not be back before sundown. Then, they locked the door.

It sucked, so hard.

Usually, she would just go hang out with Sin. That little witch was always up to something fun and exciting, and often downright dangerous. However, Sin was grounded. A barrier was up around her home, and even the messaging emblem that Kim had made for her had been confiscated.

Chloe didn't get days off. She wasn't just a witch, she was also the queen. The world didn't stop just because you wished that it would. She would be in the market, doing her meet and greet, listening to the people too scared to approach her or the palace.

Dan was probably free to do something, but Kim didn't have anything to invite her to do, and she couldn't exactly invite herself into whatever the witch had decided to fill her day with. Inviting her just to hang out just seemed to make Dan's mood worse, and that wasn't something she'd let herself be responsible for.

She wandered down the familiar line of shops, and paused outside a stall, pulling out a round coin with a slot in the center, and handed it over to the stallkeeper. She picked up the stick and bit into her toffee apple and kept walking.

Too much sugar was crazy bad for you, but she had a sweet tooth, and it was her day off. She'd have to make up for it later. She paused, nearly missing her step as she saw the boy at the tek shop up ahead.

She was heading that way, but now she didn't know if she could. He was cuter than anything she had ever seen. He was about her height, with blonde hair hanging halfway down his face, and grease stains on his hands.

She swallowed, crushed down the fear in her chest into a tiny ball and walked over to the stall slowly. The shopkeep grinned as he saw her, "Miss Kimiko! Some turnup at the Tourney, eh? Fancy trying to control a nanoswarm on her first try?"

Kim nodded politely, "Penny did only have my scraps. It was overly ambitious, but she did have a breakthrough. The 'vore was self-powered."

The shopkeep looked at her in surprise, "That's huge! Why hasn't she written a paper on it yet? She could corner a huge part of the market with something like that."

"Godmothers." Kim mused, and she looked down at the table, and picked up a magazine, "What's the latest?"

"Don't you have eyes?" The boy beside her asked in irritation, plainly not liking the friendly treatment she was getting.

"Sorry. This is Solomon, a distant cousin." The shopkeep said quickly, "Sol, show some respect. Everything on my table runs on her code."

Solomon looked at with distaste, "Doesn't mean her code is worth it. Bug filled junk. Barely works half the time."

She could deal with being insulted. What she couldn't deal with was someone insulting her work. She maintained it, faster and better than anyone in the industry that she knew of.

"You been smoking from the animancers' garden?" Kim glared at him.

He rolled his eyes, "I'm not cracked. But you are if you think invalid memory isn't in your golem core. And what happens when you touch magic outside the timeline? Poof. Anything."

Kim glared at him, "Asshole. Ignorant asshole. The core has had bounds checking for two years. Fuzzing, static analysis, too. If you're builder is too lazy to upgrade, it ain't my fault."

He rolled his eyes, "So? You can't even prove it works like you say it does."

She stepped forward onto his foot, crushing it as she leaned her forehead into his angrily, "Actually, I can. I released my proof-verified compiler the day before the Tourney you insolent little whelp."

He surprised her, kissing her briefly.

She stared in wonder and shock as he spun around, walking away slowly as he waved. "It's been radical, Kimiko!"

"Sorry. He likes to argue." The shopkeep started to explain, but it was just static in the background for her.

He'd kissed her.

She'd never kissed anyone before. He'd been soft, gentle. It made her want more, even though he'd stolen it. Taken it because he knew it would take time and effort to earn it.

The magazine crumpled in her fist, and she whistled with her other hand. The shops all froze, and Solomon turned back, looking at her in mild confusion. Kim sneered, "Boy. Walk back over here."

He laughed and turned to continue on his merry way, as the shopkeep started to babble excuses for his behaviour. She wasn't interested. She did not have to take this kind of disrespect in her own city.

"Vore. Panzer vor." Kim growled angrily.

Alarms began blaring, as gates errupted around the street, sealing off passageways and other streets. Atop the gates automatic targetting crossbows pulled into view, and armed themselves.

A mechanical, crackling, version of her own voice spoke slowly and calmly, "Remain where you are. This area is under lockdown. Remain where you are. Any attempt to leave will be taken as hostile action and you will be fired upon."

The message continued, and she strode over to the boy, who was watching how most of the armaments in the area seemed to be pointed at him, personally. Kim put a hand on her hip, glaring, "You're an asshole. And that was assault."

He swallowed nervously, "Okay."

She grinned, "Aw, too scared to disagree? I guess that means I'll just charge you, and you can spend the night in the cells."

"There's... An alternative?" He sweated.

She rolled her eyes, "You could start with an apology."

"I'm sorry I was rude."

She slapped him, hard. "Not for that! Geeze, you'd think I don't deal with assholes all the time. I'm the chief tekmancer in the city. Do you know how many idiots barge into my workshop demanding I fix broken crap?"

He looked up at her, "You're... Pissed about..."

"You kissed me!" She snapped, about ready to give the order to fire. "I am not some object you can own! Geeze. You'd think I was talking to a fricking golem."

"Sorry." He said quietly, "You were just so cute and..."

"Not a comic book." Kim growled, "You don't just walk up to a girl and kiss her. Who raised you, trolls?"

He looked at her in utter fear, "I really am sorry."

She nodded, "That's a start. But, I'm not letting it go. Go back and help your cousin, or whatever, for the rest of the day. I'm assigning a golem to watch you. You will behave, and you will be helpful."

Solomon nodded.

She snapped her fingers, "Vore. Panzer ruuck."

The armaments and walls began to fold away, and her recording spoke, "Thank you for your cooperation. The situation has now been resolved."

Solomon shook his head, "So... You have like city-wide control?"

Kim gave him a death stare.

He rubbed the back of his head, "I'm sorry. Really. You're just incredibly cute."

She turned around, looking at her crumpled magazine. She needed to go pay for it. "Come along, suicidal idiot."
