# Episode Twenty Three: Chloe vs Vampire

She dragged her blanket over her head, moaning. It was way too early for whatever the heck was making all the racket. She absolutely refused to have anything to do with whatever this morning's crisis was.

The chaos entered her room.

She could hear the guards shouting and searching for whatever it was. She glared at her blanket, but nobody was coming. They obviously were too panicked to even protect their queen.

She tossed the blanket back, slamming her hands together, "Adileg ongats!"

The raw spell whipped out of her hands, slamming into the man poised over her bed, claw and fangs barred.

She leapt to the side in terror, scrabbling for her wand.

She knew why the guards were in such disarray, now. Most of them would be dead. This was a vampire. An ancient and infectious evil.

She found her wand, "Emeragus Sin!"

The ice cracked, and the figure stood up slowly, "Sorry, did I startle you?"

She pointed her wand, "Don't move!"

"I am a gentleman, I assure you." The vampire said, adjusting his cufflinks, "I merely sought a witch to explain the situation. The curse of my existence is difficult. I'm afraid I was caught in the stables. My hunger bested me, but I have not fed upon a human in some time."

She knew she shouldn't be listening. The vouce of a vampire was charming, disarming. It forced you to believe that they were beautiful, elegant. It hid the monster beneath. The curse of the magical disease stripped away all but a hint of humanity. It left only what was useful for seduction and destruction. Pushing the victim to spread the disease.

The ground shook, but it wasn't Sin who emerged from the howling Underworld. It was one of her godmothers. The tall one. "Back, nightmare!"

The man's regal face became a twisted wreck of fangs and pulsating flesh, "Necromancer."

"I am Sister Hera." The woman spoke, her hands empty of any magical tool, "And by Asmodeus, by Leviathon and by Belphegor, I banish you!"

The vampire only had a moment to look surprised before he vanished in a puff of ash.

Hera staggered and then fell to her knees. Chloe raced towards her, but the witch tossed up her hand, a barrier knocking her back, "Stop!"

She stared in surprise, confused.

More screams filled her room as the two other godmothers, and Sin, emerged. They looked prepared for a fight. Except for Sin, who was holding out a bright pink and glowing vial to her fallen godmother.

Chloe curtsied, "Thank you for saving me."

"I didn't." Hera said, and then gulped the potion, shivering at the hideous taste. "You sweetened it, wench."

Sin smiled nervously, "It's more effective. Sugar helps it absorb into the -"

"Shut up!" Hera screeched, "Don't say that word!"

Sin looked over at her slowly, and her eyes became purple discs of concern, tears welling up inside them, "Oh, Chloe."

She swallowed, "What do you mean yoy didn't save me?"

Hera stood upright slowly and frowned, "Fetch Diana, Sin. This will need her attention as much as mine."

Chloe stamped her foot, "I am queen! This is my bedroom, and my life! You will tell me what is going on!"

Sin bit her hat, but disappeared back through the Underworld, off to see the head godmother of the Animancy Coven. She knew that Sin was intimidated by her godmothers, but usually the girl would fight them, and try and tell her what was going on.

Hera looked at her, and her expression softened from shrew to gorgon. "I know that we are pushing the bounds of propiety, your majesty. However, I can not fully explain the situation to you without causing greater risk to yourself, and the city."

Chloe winced, turning her head and sighed, "Oh crapballs. He bit me, didn't he?"

"You know that any answer, whether positive or negative, may put you at risk." Hera sighed, "Come now, my queen, you are a witch. Explain the situation to me. What should we be doing?"

Chloe sat down on the edge of her bed, "Isolate the potential victim. Check the surrounding grounds for others. It is rare only one is attacked. And well... I woke up to the fight."

One of the other godmothers curtsied, "I will go see to the palace."

Hera nodded, "Thank you, Lydia."

Chloe looked at the remaining two, and frowned, "What about my own godmothers? Shouldn't they be here?"

Hera didn't glare at her. She didn't protest or make up excuses. Her stare was flat, and absent of any emotion at all. Chloe grabbed the edge of her bed in her fists, "My godmothers."

She had lost her parents when she was young. She couldn't remember them, really. A scent, a laugh. A washed out image, that might be a face. She hurt every single time she thought about that loss. Her godmothers were all she had. The only family she had left was the magical one. The magic passed down her bloodline.

She could not lose them, as well.

"They've been isolated." Prune yawned, "Do you think Lydia has cleared the kitchens yet? I could have me some pie."

"Propiety." Hera instructed her sister, "Sin would not forgive you if you allowed anything to happen to the queen. Whilst you may no longer find my wrath motivating, our goddaughter has a temper superior to my own."

Prune rubbed the back of her head, flaking dandruff everywhere, "You got a point. It's also at the end of your nose."

Chloe frowned, "Does necromancy just force the faerytale? Is Sin going to become the tall one if she becomes a godmother?"

"Sin will not become a godmother." Hera replied, and nodded slowly, "However, yes. The three of us seem like something from a faerytale. There is a good reason for this, your majesty. One that I would let you know, on the condition that you do not inform Sin."

Chloe winced, "I don't keep secrets from my friends."

"It is not a secret, merely a confirmation." Hera replied stoically, "The villagers speak of us, often. Some of them suggest we are undead lich, risen from the grave to continue the necromantic line."

Chloe sighed, "And... You're going to tell me anyway."

"It is important that the queen of Wizeria know of the threat to Wizeria." Hera continued, "The villagers are partially correct. However, only partially. We three are not undead, we live. We also did not return to the world to continue the necromantic line."

Chloe looked at them curiously, "What threat?"

"We were resurrected for one purpose, and one alone." Hera stated as if resurrection of a living person was something that was even possible, "To prepare Sin for the coming battle. She has returned. The Witch of the Failing Light."

Chloe's hands stopped trying to burrow themselves through her blanket, and her feet stopped moving nervously. She felt a very real chill of fear run down her back, but she didn't shiver. She was too scared to allow the involuntary movement to happen.

"That's a myth."

Hera smiled cruelly at her, "You're queen. You know it is not."

Chloe looked down, "So. It's Sin, then."

"Yes."

Chloe looked up at the both of them, "And you haven't told her what she will have to face. The choice she will have to make, and the fight that she has inherited."

"Not yet." Hera replied, "We will, in time. You may protect the city. Sin deserves what little time she has. She will learn, as she must. We will guide her in it. Yet, she may also participate in potion tournaments, and invent fun magic, and even strive to bring a flower back to life. Let her have what fun she can."

That was when Chloe realised how deeply Sin's godmothers cared for her. They were trying to give her the only mercy that they could. Time to be just a witch, in a world that had cursed her from before she was even conceived.

"I will keep your counsel." Chloe said slowly.

There was a flash of light, and Diana appeared, holding Sin by the back of her shirt. The animancer tossed aside the hedgewitch without concern. She strode over to the queen and lifted her chin, "Drink."

A green, and frothing, liquid was poured down her throat. Chloe's eyes watered and she punched the bed, coughing violently. The animancer nodded slowly, "Good. This is good. We appear to have come to you in time, then."

Hera rolled her eyes, "No, you didn't, Diana. The curse has already taken root in her soul."

"I leave that to you." Diana snapped, "For now, it appears that I can suppress the symptoms. We will begin with one of these tonics, once a day."

Chloe touched the side of her neck gently, feeling the tiny pinprick bumps where something had pierced her neck. It must have been whilst she thought he was talking to her. That hadn't happened. He had been inside her head, and been feeding on her.

She had contracted vampirism.

Hera sighed, "No one has ever broken the curse, Diana. You will have to monitor the queen's condition, and slowly increase your efforts, whilst I delve into very old, and very dark, magics."

Diana looked over at her, "You seem perfectly suited to the task then, corpsehumper."

The animancer reeled in shock as Sin slapped her. The tiny hedgewitch glared at the woman who had once been her godmother, "Insult them again. Please. Give me an excuse, animancer!"

Chloe waved a hand, "I need her Sin."

"You need her mind. Not her soul." The witch snapped at her, and glared, "You will never insult my godmothers again. I won't allow it."

Diana touched her cheek in shock, feeling the warmth of her swelling face, "You dare to strike me, apprentice?"

"Sin." Hera said gravely, and the hedgewitch looked back at her, voice cracking, "I won't let her."

Hera smiled, "I can defend myself, child. And I do intend to if the lifer does not begin to understand that we have no interest in the living. A vampire queen is not something that I would have a problem with."

Diana glared at her in disgust, "I will not take insults from your kind."

"But you'll take nightmares." Hera laughed, her voice hollow, "Every night, until the moon next wanes. For daring to treat my goddaughter with such disrespect. You can insult me all you like Diana, I am too old to care. But Sin is not one of your apprentices. She is a necromancer."

Chloe heard it, and looked up, "Is Sin an apprentice?"

Sin looked over at her, "Oh. I never have explained that have I? I am, but I'm not. Not really."

Hera rolled her eyes, "We will work on your dictition. That was pathetic. Necromancers do not have apprentices. We do have hierarchy. Sin is free, unless she is under punishment, to do as she wishes. She was granted what Wizeria considers to be full witchdom when we first took her in. Took her away from this hag with an ugly soul."

Diana held up a hand, and Hera grinned, "Would you rather hear that your soul is a vile shade from your mother or grandmother?"

The animancer hesitated, apparently as afraid of her ancestors as Dan was afraid of her.

Diana nodded slowly, "We will cooperate, in this matter only, hag."

Hera grinned at her, "You focus on keeping the queen's health stable. I will seek out the first of the vampires. It will take time."

Chloe felt a hand grab hers, and looked up at Sin's worried face and smiled, "Thank you. For bringing them."

Sin breathed out a ragged breath, "I won't let anyone hurt you, Chloe."

Diana scoffed, and disappeared in a glow of light.
