# Episode Twenty Four: Dan vs Flour

The animancer raised her hands above the pages of the ancient and stained tome, muttering quietly to herself, words of wisdom passed down through the ages, hidden in the shrouds of family legacies. She intoned the words, attempting to memorise them.

"In a large metal bowl, mix butter, oil and sugar until light and fluffy."

The witch frowned, attempting to perfectly measure out the three ingredients into the nearby bowl. She picked up the whisk, and looked at it in confusion, attempting to work out how something designed to pass through things could be used to mix effectively. She knew that cooking was supposed to be like alchemy, but it was a lot less precise than she wanted it.

The result had to be perfect. She would accept nothing less.

Her elbow groaned in pain as she held the metal bowl in one hand, and spun the whisk through the material quickly, and effectively. Churning through the solid material and creating something more like the goop that might be found in a forest haunted by all kinds of creatures.

She placed the bowl aside, and looked down at the estoric verse in front of her, "Add buttermilk, eggs, and extract of vanilla."

She looked at the nearby mortar and pestle, and the liquid in it. She had tried to make vanilla extract. It was too hard to get a hold off. The pods themselves were worth a gold piece each. The brown liquid beckoned to her, threatening to make or break her attempts.

She waved her wand, commanding the liquid to enter the bowl. She cracked the eggs and twitched as a tiny piece of shell fell inwards. Again, the wand came out, and she lifted it into the air before evicerating it in flames.

Finally, she looked at the tin of buttermilk. The dairy farmer had been quite confused why she wanted the liquid left after churning the milk. He had heard of it being used to make a simple bread, but not much else. She, however, knew that buttermilk had been a secret ingredient in her family for generations. That it was an ingredient that could make the impossible, possible.

She poured it in, measuring it carefully.

"Beat until combined." She mouthed over the words, considering their meaning. It probably did not mean for her to punch the mixture in the bowl until it was a soggy mess. It was possible, some bread was made that way, but cooking terms were often deceptively misleading.

She resorted to the whisk. It was harder this time, much harder. The mixture flowed into itself, slowly becoming less liquid, but still an absolute mess that did not remotely resemble something that might be edible. The most important ingredients came last, transforming something simple, into something delectable.

"Add flour, baking powder, and salt. Mix until combined." Dan sighed, reading one of the last steps.

She measured the ingredients out in the various shaped cups. These were the key to good cooking. Accurate amounts, measured in units that only her ancestors understood. She hadn't found the cups, only descriptions of them. However, those drawings and writings had been accurate enough that Kim had been able to create the metal objects in her hands.

Cooking like this was a lost artform. Most bakers were low level witches. They couuld simply command their ingredients to clump together and transform into the object that they were trying to form. The results were hit or miss, depending on the skill of the witch.

However, Dan was not about to cheat. She was avoiding the use of magic. Unless she was pissed off. This was about giving her hands something to do, her mind something to focus on. For her, magic was too easy. Cooking was an outlet for the hideous ball of emotions locked inside her skull.

She wiped a tear away with her elbow, and steadied her breathing.

She was fine.

She was doing just fine.

She poured the mixture into the waiting tiny tins, filling each halfway towards the rim, knowing that it should rise and the top should expand almost like a mushroom. These were one of her families most prized and protected secrets, from generations past.

The cupcake.

She placed the tins into the oven carefully, avoiding the heat of the furnace, as the salamander lying on the coals at the bottom rolled over. That was the secret of a good oven. Even cooking.

There were not many households in Wizeria that could boast that they had even seen a fire salamander. Her family had a half dozen that they had trained to provide heat for the various appliances throughout the building. Not just ovens. Dan could enjoy a hot shower every morning, without expending any of her magic, or needing to light a boiler. The salamanders always kept it hot. No need to burn any wood.

Well, a log or two a day. For the creatures to break down into a bed of coals that they could laze around on. And eat.

She closed the oven door and leaned back, becoming aware of just how dirty she had become. Flour and sugar got everywhere, it seemed.

Dan headed up to her bedroom, discarding her dress as she entered the room, and she turned to her wardrobe and opened it, fingers dancing across the top of the various items, considering their appeal. Many of them were only for formal ocassions. She wanted something comfortable, not beautiful.

She pulled out a white dress with red lining and turned around, and let out a squeal, collapsing onto her knees and holding the dress up over herself. Lying on her bed, was a witch that had woken up to the ear-piercing sound.

Sin sat up, rubbing her eyes, "What? What's wrong?"

"You broke in again!" Dan snapped, creating a wall around herself, and began getting dressed, "Privicia! How did you do it this time? I thought I'd blocked everything off!"

"I stepped sideways." Sin yawned, "That was you? I thought it was your godmothers. Who I'm in trouble with."

Dan sighed, "My godmothers? What did you do?"

"Got angry." Sin said slowly, "They didn't tell you."

Dan dropped the walls with a wave of her hand, and tucked it into her pocket, "Tell me what?"

Sin bit her lip, "Chloe is sick."

Dan felt her heart skip a beat, "My godmothers were called? Chloe avoids them. She has to be really sick if she's asking for their help."

"My godmother asked for yours to help." Sin winced, "I... I... I came here for you to cheer me up. Not to tell you this. I don't know how."

Dan crossed over, sitting next to Sin on the bed and cuddled her, resting her chin on her head, "It's okay, Sin. I'll find out one way or another."

"She was bitten." Sin managed before the tears started flooding down her face. Dan held her more tightly, wondering. There were a number of illnesses that could be passed by bite. Most of them, really. However, there weren't a lot of things that could get close enough to the queen to bite her.

"Twelve guards are dead." Sin shivered, "Chloe's godmothers look like they escaped. Your mum is keeping them under quarantine until she's sure."

Dan felt a terrified tear appear on her own face, "Oh, no. No..."

"Vampire." Sin said, choking out the word.

Dan had worked it out. It was the only reason that Sin and her godmothers could be helpful. There were more than a few cursed diseases, which might need an expert animancer to deal with. There was only one or two that needed a necromancer and an animancer.

Dan closed her eyes, "Chloe was bitten."

"Your mum thinks she'll be okay." Sin shrugged, "But I just... Feel... Hopeless..."

Dan smiled at her, "I... Was making something for you, today. To thank you for helping out at the tourney. Do you want to take them to Chloe?"

"She's not allowed to eat."

Dan winced and shook her head, "This is going to suck."

"Poor choice of words." Sin stated hollowly, like she was barely listening. Which she probably wasn't. The orphan had never had many friends. She was the disaster who everyone loved to hate. The prospect of losing Chloe would be shaking her to her core.

Dan patted her back gently, "We can get through this, Sin."

The witch looked up at her, "Yes. We can. Both of us."

Dan laughed softly, "Just because I feel like crap doesn't mean I've been giving up. I made you cupcakes. Well, they're in the oven."

Sin blinked, "Ooh. You've been learning to cook. That's cute."

Dan looked away, "Like I said. To thank you. I needed something to do."

"We need a present for Chloe." Sin said stubbornly, "I was thinking... It'll be embarassing... But... Mana."

Dan shivered, "You want to go to one of those game stalls? Really?"

"Not want." Sin laughed, "But Chloe likes the card game. So we have to learn to play at some point."

Dan blew her fringe in irritation, "The things we do for friendship."

Sin leaned up and kissed her cheek, "For Chloe. Anything."

Before Dan could react, the hedgewitch had dragged her to her feet and was summoning them off to the marketplace.

What the heck had just happened?
