# Episode Twenty Five: Sin vs Caerlorne

"Immortalis maintainent!" Sin cursed her cupcake to never degrade, and put it on the shelf with other presents she'd got from the other witches. It had taken a while to learn the spell, but she had been motivated. Particularly as she used the spell on one of her godmothers.

Sin smiled as she remembered the anger of the animancy coven when they discovered the godmother frozen in time. That had been fun, to be able to get them back for some of the horrible things that they had done to her over the years. The way they had treated her as a failure.

She knew she wasn't a particularly good or powerful witch, but she was still a witch. She deserved some respect for her talents. Moving covens hadn't really done anything for her reputation among most of the others.

The door cracked open, and Lydia peeked in, "Sin, dear?"

She looked over, dropping the cloth over her present shelf so nobody could see it, "Ye... Yes!?"

Lydia smiled knowingly, "You have a friend downstairs."

Sin's face balled up, "Excuse me? The others avoid the Dead Forest. Too hard to get to without Dan's pterodactyl."

Lydia shrugged, opening the door, "She's cute, if that helps. I'm going to go back and save her before Prune decides to put her inside a cottage pie. Come down soon."

Sin scratched her head and shrugged. She picked her hat off the floor, dislodging Snowball from where he had been sleeping, and put it on her head. You can't be a witch without a decent pointed hat. That was one thing that all the covens agreed upon.

Sin looked around, frowning, and then tucked a couple potions into her various pockets. Nothing that strange or important. Things to dazzle an enemy, and allow you to run and escape before they realised exactly what you had done.

She skipped down the stairs, and into the loungeroom, and looked over. Prune was there, pinching the newcomer here and there, and muttering about measurements to herself. Her godmother hadn't eaten a guest yet, but Sin was not entirely sure that she wouldn't try to one day.

She sat down on a stool, "Hello, Morgana."

Her godmothers drew back instantly in fear, and the black-clothed witch inclined her head politely, "Sin. It is good to see you. I was sorry to hear about Chloe."

"She's doing okay." Sin said, fighting the feeling in her chest, "So what brings you here? It isn't exactly the easiest place to find."

"It isn't that hard." Morgana smiled, "I lived in the Dead Forest, once, a very long time ago. A little cottage, a little ways from here. I hid it as well as I could, but I was young then."

Sin blinked, "You lived here? I didn't think anybody else did."

"It was a long time ago." Morgana repeated, "When your godmothers were asleep. However, now, I live in Caerlorne. It's a nice enough city, most of the time, but there are problems now and then. I was actually hoping to get your help with one of them."

Sin frowned, "I don't think I should leave Wizeria right now. I want to stay close."

Lydia smiled at her, "No, Sin. It would be good for you to get away. Hera won't be back from the Ethereal Plane for another week. It does no good for you to sit here, stressed."

Morgana spread her hands, "I'll tell you the problem, first. Then you can decide. I'm usually quite adept at keeping the city safe, on my own. Gwain takes care of the politics, and I deal with the monsters."

Sin nodded, she had heard of the Prince Gwain. Supposedly, he had fought a number of monsters in his youth. An adventuring king. It happened, now and then. It wasn't terribly common, but kings like that tended to have a witch or two helping them out as friends.

"Recently, bodies began disappearing from a cemetary just outside town." Morgana said, leaning onto her knees. "I was stumped. The bodies vanished without the graves being dug up. It took us a while to realise it was happening, why my magical detectors were complaining."

Sin bit her lip, "A lich."

Morgana blinked in surprise, "Yes. Or I'm guessing it is. Any attempt to detect or bind or protect the cemetary ends in disaster. We can't just move the bodies. There are ancestor spirits linked to the bones. It would take months of rites to prepare them for moving."

Sin sighed, "I've met a lich before. He was mean. Very mean. They're difficult to deal with. Their magic doesn't come directly from the leylines. More like a mix from the leyline and the Ethereal Plane. They have no connection to the Underworld, though a number have been banished there."

Morgana nodded, "Yes. I have tracked down the name of this particular lich, which I thought would be half the battle. I was wrong. I fought him, and he trounced me."

Sin blinked, "You can't name him and bind him?"

"No." Morgana said, her brows furrowing, "Which is why I thought it might help to have a necromancer around. I think all I've managed to do is annoy him, and I'm all but sure the bodies being stolen will be turned into ghouls or zombies for use as weapons against the city."

"Dead sorcerors are difficult." Sin agreed, "You said you knew his name. Who was he? Before he died and discovered magic?"

"A tyrant." Morgana replied, "He was buried in a tomb, and the location expunged from our records, to try and forget him. There's a few vague references suggesting that he might not have been dead when they sealed him away, but there is a public record of his execution, so I'm not sure. His name was Urt. I think. Like I said, the name didn't bind him."

Sin frowned and pulled a tiny runestone from her pocket and flipped it once. As it was in the air it turned into a extremely large and heavy book. She opened it to the index at the back and ran her finger down the page. The hedgewitch flipped the back open to another page and looked down the list of names.

"Ure, Ut... Urt. Looking for something near Caer... Urtr of Caer." She turned the book around, revealing a portrait of a king, one foot standing on a crushed skull, and a spear in his right hand, a flag tied to the end of it and waving in the wind.

Morgana nodded slowly, "It might be. The family crest is similar."

Sin turned it back around, "Killed a few hundred people... Blah blah... Kidnapped a princess... Ah. He was the last of his dynasty. Might explain why his spirit wouldn't settle. Weird. It doesn't say who killed him, or how. Doesn't even see what dynasty replaced his."

"Caerlorne wasn't united." Morgana shrugged, "A ragged group of warlords, rising and falling often. Until the time of Artur. He was the one who founded the city."

Sin looked up, "Or so the legend says?"

"No, Sin." Morgana replied, "Artur founded Caerlorne. The rest of the world might have forgotten him, and assumed he was just a legend, but we haven't. His portrait is on display in the palace."

Sin shrugged, "This is the Book of the Dead, Morgana. Artur isn't in it. I know. I've looked for him, before. So unless he was immortal and faked his death..."

"It's more complicated." Morgana said slowly, and shrugged, "Not something that I'm particularly comfortable talking about."

Sin nodded, "Fair enough."

She didn't believe Morgana. The Book of the Dead recorded the deaths of every living thing. Whether or not it was sentient, or had died before. It also recorded the deeds of the dead. If Artur wasn't in the book, then Artur had never been alive.


Or that's what she tried to tell herself every time she had a nightmare.

Sin read for a moment and looked up, "So, this Urtr. He was mean and nasty, and might be trying to get his crown back. So he might be raising an undead army. So you still think you need my help? You could try the new name."

"He nearly killed me last time." Morgana winced, "I could still use the back up. He's a very old lich. He's been gathering power all this time..."

Sin smiled and snapped the book shut, causing it to collapse into the runestone again. She pocketed it and nodded, "I won't leave you hanging. If it's okay, godmothers."

Lydia nodded, "Go. Maybe Caerlorne can afford to pay you what you're actually worth."

Morgana stood up stretching, "Of course. We are not a poor city. Your help will be appreciated."

Sin frowned, "You want to go right now?"

"What do you wish to bring?" Morgana asked, and Sin ran up the stairs, "Come on, you can wait in my room as I put it together."

Morgana followed her, grateful to escape her godmothers.
