# Episode Twenty Six: Kim vs Solomon II

She ate the sandwhich in one hand, as she filled out the paperwork in the other. There was always more paperwork to be done. Requisition forms, work approvals, and all the code signoffs. That was what most of her job was supposed to be. She was the head of the workshop, it wasn't an expectation that she'd actually do any of the tekmancy herself.

"Huh. It's smaller than I thought it would be."

Kim closed her eyes, whispering to herself for strength, and then turned around, looking at the boy, and smiled, "What brings you here, Solomon?"

He shrugged, holding out a sheet of paper, "I need a few specialist parts for something I'm building."

Kim took the form, glancing down it, "Some of these are fine, but not all. It'll be expensive... What do you need with an ifrit cannister? That crap is unstable. Controlled substance."

He nodded, "I heard you like to know, that there's an application. I brought some of the paperwork... But you'll want to bring me back another day, right?"

"Nah." Kim waved at a seat, "My workshop. There's no need to have an appointment. That'll just make me later than I am. Show me what you're thinking."

He placed a folder on the desk, "You know I am sorry about the other day."

"Sucking up is going to hurt your efforts, not help."

He smiled, "Had to say it. I... I've been building this."

He spun a drawing around to her. It was some sort of system designed to sit on someone's head, with a series of interlocking and shifting glass panes that seemed to arrange themselves automatically.

"The power source is unique. A purified form of the energy given off by an ifrit." He said, laying out a process sheet, "There's one or two steps missing from the plans, but if you insist I can tell you. But... Trade secrets."

Kim looked over the designs slowly, and looked up at him, "You're attempting to build some sort of adaptive golem display. Is this a new kind of pilot's helmet, so that they can look around and see outside the golem?"

"It started that way, but not anymore." Solomon said excitedly, "More general than that, now. It could be adapted and installed into any interface that makes use of a golem display. I was thinking, mostly, it could be used as a way of... Augmenting the world around you. Look at a piece of fruit, and the display can tell you the size and weight, name, etc."

Kim blinked, "Impressive. Inventive. You'll need some serious coding to make it work. And it has to be faster than most current golem cores. Speaking of, there's no core in these plans."

"I'm still working on that." Solomon said slowly, and frowned, "That's... Can you keep that out of the official documentation? Keep it secret?"

"The Interlink." Kim stated flatly, "The golem core has to be ridiculously powerful, which means big. So you've been attempting to reverse my process for the Interlink, so that you can hook up multiple of these interfaces to one central core per city."

Solomon flushed, "Uh... Yeah. I guess it was obvious, then."

Kim shrugged, "Can't help you with that. Obvious to me. I've been building a large core to interface into the defense force, using my Interlink. I have also noticed messages in the Interlink, not sent using my own devices. Might have less interference. I was wondering who was testing."

Solomon smiled slowly, "So you think it can work, then?"

"You're not a witch." Kim stated flatly, "You can only do the plans. Someone else has to do the actual building for you. I won't be approving anything dangerous until I meet them, and can determine that they're capable of doing it without blowing themselves up."

He nodded, "Sure. My current patron is Ogrinfeld, they're still assigning me a witch, but I'll find out soon. I guess I'll come back, then."

Kim frowned, "You've got a few other things, first. For example, if you actually build this circuit here, you'll disrupt the ability to form memories for the wearer. You need interference protection. Any of the basic recipes will work."

Solomon quickly wrote a note on the plan, "Oh."

"This is an audit." Kim replied, "There's a reason we do them. Mistakes get made... This won't work. These two cell membranes? They're powered by similarly charged runestones. They'll just cancel each other out. You'll need to do some sort of resonance feedback between them. Advanced, but the witch should be able to help you out if she knows what she is doing."

Solomon nodded, "Sure. That makes sense."

Kim looked up, "Any idea who Ogrinfeld is going to assign to you? They do have a number of research labs."

"There's two labs that are interested." Solomon said slowly, "I'm not really supposed to tell you who, considering that the city is the patron, but they don't have access to some of the materials I need, so they're letting me set up a small lab here. The witch will be sent from one of them."

Kim just looked at him in amusement, "And when I meet her, I'll know exactly which lab. I'm not an unknown in the industry, and the industry is something I like to keep up with. Look, unless it's a security threat, I won't be saying much of anything to Chloe. It'll go down on paper, and then get filed away in a sealed safe. Unless there's an accident, nobody will know."

Solomon smiled, "Sorry. Nervous investors. Nervous inventor, if I'm honest. Now I've shown you, I'm sure you could upstage me. Get it to market sooner."

Kim frowned, "Well, I'm working on something much harder, and completely different, if that helps."

She turned and pulled a well-worn plan out from a drawer and spread it out on the table, "What do you think of this, inventor?"

Solomon's jaw nearly hit the floor as he stared, "That's... That's... Holy. You're going to stick an Interlink signal amplifier in it? That means... The signals could cross leylines."

"It's already approved." Kim smiled, "My Interlink is going to join communications between Wizeria, and Populous. If it works, we want to extend it to other cities. It could obsolete letters. Change a lot else, too. Change the entire world."

He frowned, "How high up does that thing need to fly for it to work? I'm only seeing small rocket motors on it. It doesn't have a fuel store."

"No. It doesn't." Kim grinned, "Because we're going to push it up higher than anyone has ever gone. Where the atmosphere is thin, and gravity is weaker. This device is going to float in orbit, like the moon."

Solomon looked at her in surprise, "You're... Talking about fiction. You can't send things to space. The amount of energy to send things there is..."

"I've done the math." Kim replied, putting away her plans, "But like I said, I'm still working on it. Keeping the device powered is difficult. I've been working on some tek to convert sunlight into power, but its pretty useless. I'll need something else."

He sighed, "Well. I guess you've got more than enough on your plate not to steal my idea... And I do sort of trust you. I asked around. People really like you, Kimiko. It is looking, at this stage, that a new lab will get the contract. Decker Essentials."

Kim blinked, "Penny. Huh. Well, if that's the case, I expect I'll see a lot more of you and this idea."

Solomon frowned with concern, "Why? Is she not as good as people are saying?"

"She's my apprentice." Kim replied, shrugging. "Her godmothers have approved her studying under me, in a part time capacity, for the next couple of years. She's working on a way of combining auramancy and tekmancy. That's the general idea."

Solomon scratched his head, "You have time for an apprentice? Who lives in another city?"

"Transport isn't a problem." Kim shook her head, "Dan and Sin can take care of that pretty easily. It would be easy if Ogrinfeld and Wizeria could have an Interlink connection, but that's a while off. Also, Penny is pretty good. I'm just helping lead her research, not much more than that. She's a little reckless, but... She might be able to build your interface."

He breathed a sigh of relief, "So, I take it you don't think this is total stupidity?"

"I can't think of a use I would have for it." Kim dashed his dreams, "But maybe you can come up with something. But it should work the way you think it will, with a few changes. You might have it nailed down in six months or so."

He frowned and put his plans away slowly, "You don't think it'll be worth it."

"I think it has military applications." Kim growled, "A lot of them, and not much else. And I think Ogrinfeld thinks so, too. So, it might be worth it to them. If they're going to attack a city."

Solomon winced, "That is how I sold it to them. But that isn't what I want it to be for."

Kim smiled, "I've taken a couple military investors to get stuff off the ground before, kiddo. That's the industry. You're not going to get judgement from me."

"Wizeria's military is almost all golems." Solomon shook his head, "I guess they have a lot of work for you."

"It wasn't like that always." Kim smiled, "I made them that way. I built up our army into mostly magical constructs, protecting the pilots and completely obsoleting the usual attack forces that might hit Wizeria. I'm proud of it, even if I will feel utterly ashamed if someone actually gets attacked and torn apart by things I made and designed."

Solomon nodded, "We walk a fine line."
