# Episode Twenty Seven: Chloe vs Hunger

She didn't quite know what to do with herself. Usually she would go down to the dining hall and have breakfast alone. Except she wasn't allowed to eat for a few days. The curse had already started changing her to require... Stuff she shouldn't be thinking about.

Diana's sickly potion should fix it soon, but until then she was hungry.

She didn't like that thought. She was born to be a queen. She didn't know what hungry was. She knew that Sin could comprehend real hunger. Her friend knew what it was like to go without. This ravenous gnawing feeling in the pit of her stomach was nothing. She'd missed two meals. That's it.

Chloe sighed and walked to her office. The advisers would still be arranging their morning reports, but it didn't mean she couldn't get ready.

Various letters covered her desk. Most of them seemed inconsequential, but all of them could be the first sign of something that might be a significant problem. That was the task she had to solve every day. To see the future from these small grains of sand.

There were rumours among the outlying farms of a pestilence. Which was fairly normal. Moment anyone died everyone screamed plague. There hadn't been an actual plague under her rule. Diseases rarely got a chance to spread.

Apparently there was a troll in the city. Powerful magic users, obsessed with material wealth. They had a bad habit of eating children. Unfortunately, a troll's mirage was nigh unbreakable. However, it might not be a problem. Troll's had wandered through before, without attacking the citizens. Chloe would just raise the alert level.

Prince Sammeth of Populous was missing. The report scared the pants off her, and then she remembered that there was a very small tournament for Mana, the Chanelling, happening in Caerlorne. He was fine. Just skipping his duties like she did from time to time.

She would have loved to watch the tournament, but skipping Sin's godmothers didn't just seem difficult, but dangerous for one's health. The short and fat one, Prune, was hanging around the palace. Threatening to eat the staff, mainly.

Yet, Chloe knew she hadn't even been able to trap the vampire. The creature feared Sin's godmothers, on an instinctual level. The undead weren't a significant threat with a necromancer on hand.

There was also a personal invitation for her. A letter asking her to come to the Dead Forest at night, to witness a performance by a troupe of dead actors, directed by a walking disaster zone. She'd figured Sin had a personal project going, but not this.

"Your highness." Khan said, entering the office quietly, "You should be resting. The council is perfectly capable of protecting your people. We can bring the larger matters to your bedside."

"Not how this is going to work." Chloe replied, and turned to face him. She could see his nervousness. Hear his heartbeat. See the vein pulsing on his neck, begging her.

She was so... Hungry.

He smelled like food. Like she could tear his arms off like drumsticks. Rip that juicy pulsing mess right out of his chest. Crush his heart and pour the blood into her mouth. She hated him. There was no reason she shouldn't just eat him. Get rid of the problem, and her hunger.

"Assemble in the great hall, as always." Chloe instructed the walking flesh.

The meatbag left, shutting the door. As it clicked shut she collapsed, head hitting the table with a solid thunk. This was so much harder than she thought it would be. She just had to get through, until the medecine started working. Then she would be fine. Which she knew was just a lie she was telling herself to try and cheer up.

She reached up and grabbed her nose, the room still smelled like food. Deliscious and moist, making her stomach growl, biting her like it had grown teeth. It wasn't fair that everyone walking around her looked like an entree, and she had to fast.

A hand touched her shoulder.

Chloe spun around, grabbing the wrist as she flipped out of the seat, drifting up and behind the person, locking their own arm around their throat with a grace and speed that she had never known before. She landed easily, and felt a temptation to lean forward. To speak into their ear as she brushed her teeth against their neck.

She looked away with difficulty, "What are you doing here?"

"I heard you were sick."

She shoved the man away from her, and scurried under her desk, hiding her face behind her hands as she realised she'd just nearly eaten the guy that she kind of actually liked. She swallowed nervously, "I am. You're not safe alone with me."

He crouched in front of the desk, concerned eyes looking in at her, but all she could see was the pulse of his heart. Smell the sweetness of his blood. She wanted to break him. To rip him open. He wanted to give his heart to her, then she should take it.

"What? Why? What's the matter, Chloe?"

She fought back tears and wrath simultaneously, and gasped out the only word she could, "Vampire."

He fell backwards, scrambling into a bookshelf, staring at her from his prone position on the floor, "You're a vampire?"

"No." Chloe winced, "Well... Not yet. I'm being treated by the Animancy Coven, and the Necromancy Coven is seeking a cure. But... It's early. I still... Feel... Things..."

He breathed out nervously, "Do... You think they'll be able to help?"

"I got bitten yesterday." Chloe smiled, "I'm not dead yet, and I haven't... Done... That... So it's already helping a little."

Sammeth seemed to relax, and looked at her sadly, "So you don't trust yourself."

"Not really." Chloe said, burying her head in her hands again, "Khan pisses me off... And you... You smell... Good. Sorry."

"I guess you do like me, then."

She looked up at him in terror, "How the Underworld do you get to that?"

"The origin of the vampire curse is a love story, a tragedy." Sammeth said, "Did you know that?"

Chloe shook her head, "No. I didn't."

"A man spurned a witch, for a peasant girl. The two were happy for a while." Sammeth said slowly, "However, the witch was a necromancer, and made a deal with... Something in charge of the Underworld. I don't really remember. She cursed the man, with three things. Firstly, he would kill his love. Secondly, he would live with the guilt, forever. Finally, he would never see the light of day again."

Chloe winced, "So what of that makes you think I actually like you?"

"I already knew it." Sammeth grinned, "But I smell more like food than anyone else. It's the curse. Trying to make you kill me. Because you like me. And I'm not going to listen to reason on that."

Chloe glared at him, and then sighed heavily, "Our lives are screwed up, Sammeth. Everyone else would want us married, for politics. To bind Populous and Wizeria together. I don't want to marry anyone for a reason like that. Even if I cared for you, that's the way the rest of the world would see it. Ogrinfeld would be insulted, and might even attack."

"If you cared." Sammeth said sarcastically.

Chloe stuck out her tongue at him, "And then there's the fact that I'm a witch. And I want to be a witch. Have you ever wondered why you never see a guy around the godmothers of the covens?"

"Not really." Sammeth shrugged, "I assumed it was a front. To remind people that all witches are female. Like the animancers pretend that they're flawless. That they don't eat, etc."

"It's because they can't take the temptation." Chloe stated, "When a marriage is... Consumated... On the wedding night... A witch loses her power. It's love or power, not both."

"Oh."

Chloe sighed, "And now... Now I'm sick. I might always be sick. Which probably means I could never have a kid anyways. So I need to worry about a plan of succession... And I can't offer any guy I might like a family... I..."

She gave up. It was too much. One of the reasons alone was too much, but all of them at once? She was a mess. She was allowed to be. Right now, she didn't see herself becoming much less of one for a while. Her life just... Sucked.

"Chloe?"

She glared at him, "Stop!"

He'd been about to move closer, to try and reassure her. His instinct was to offer her a hug, and if he touched her, she probably wouldn't be able to stop herself this time.

She frowned, looking at him frozen, "Are you okay?"

"I have stopped."

Chloe put a hand over her mouth, "Oh, crap. I hypnotised you, didn't I?"

"You hypnotised me, didn't you?"

She frowned, and reached for her wand, "Emeragus Diana."
