# Episode Twenty Eight: Dan vs Dan

"What... The...?" Dan asked slowly, staring at the ghoul. Drool tumbled slowly from its mouth, as the tongue's full double handspan hung lazily down the side of its jaw. The unblinking eyes of flame gazed directly at her, into her. Into her soul. Which, was sort of a problem.

She hadn't meant to do it.

Which mattered exactly not a mote to the ghoul, which immediately seized her shoulders and screamed rage and hatred into her face, flinging flecks of spittle, blood and flesh all over Sin's face.

Because right now, Sin would be in her body. Well, hopefully. She couldn't be quite sure that Sin's soul hadn't just been trapped in the ether, or that a spirit of some kind hadn't got to Dan's body first. Accidents like this was why the spell she'd been using were absolutely forbidden.

The ghoul was knocked back by a gust of fire, and Morgana stood in front of her, "Are you alright, Sin? You've never failed an interrogation before. Is he pushing harder?"

"So it wasn't something Sin summoned, then..." Dan mused and then smiled up at the foreign witch, "Hi. We've met before. I'm not Sin. This is an accident. Please don't kill me before I can explain."

Morgana's eyes blazed, and she cocked her head, "Your aura is familiar, and you do not appear to be the lich. Explain. Quickly, or I may damage Sin's body."

"I'm Dan. Dinerre de Amore." She swallowed, "I was trying to seperate the two sexes that inhabit my own body."

Morgana smiled coyly, "Two. You haven't told your friends that. They all think you were attempting to become male."

"I was." Dan winced, "I don't have time for you not to trust me. I still was, when I cast the spell. Sin knows about it, but she's the only one, I think."

Morgana relaxed, and torched the ghoul. "You prefer Dan?"

"Yes."

"Well, Dan..." Morgana sighed, "Sin and I are in pursuit of an ancient lich who appears to be able to defy the binding of his name. We've confirmed it is him. He might also attack the city tonight."

Dan glared, "Why wasn't I told? You need me and Kim if Wizeria is under attack."

Morgana face palmed, "Look out the window."

Dan walked over, and winced. She opened the glass doors and stepped out onto the balcony. This felt like a palace, and it was looking down on a city. There was still desert outside the walls, stretching as far as the eye could see. Yet, she did not recognise the strange tiled roofs, or the lanterns lighting the streets below.

She turned around slowly, "Oh, crap."

Morgana nodded, "Yes. Welcome to Caerlorne."

Dan walked back in, "I need to find a way to contact Sin. Right now. I don't think the normal methods for talking to my body are enough. Another spirit might have taken it, because we both jsut travelled a bloody long way."

"Use my mirror." Morgana waved to a tall piece of glass.

Dan walked over to it, tentatively touching the runes engraved into the edges, and breathed out slowly, "Seriously? You have a Morguin Mirror?"

"Really?" Morgana replied, "Sin didn't even react. Actually, I think she owns one. She knew how to make it work. Mostly spent the time looking at a dinosaur in a nest, if you would believe it."

Dan slapped her face, "Of course she did. That's my pterodactyl. Which meant there was a limited scrying aura in my house."

Morgana looked over at her, "Oh. So Sin screwed up your spell?"

"No. It's my fault." Dan sighed, "Sin checks in on me all the time. Always turns up in my room when I'm not looking. I should have accounted for her, but I didn't. Oh, and I doubt Sin owns one of these. She just... Knows how to use magic. Instinctively."

Morgana grinned, "Is it starting to feel strange yet, being in her body?"

"It did straight away." Dan smiled sheepishly, looking down at Sin's hands. "She's got twice the mana reserves I do. I doubt she even realises how deep they go. Or if they have limits."

Morgana sighed, "Well, that's a boring response. Try and see if you can get her attention. It's not just a Viewing Mirror. She should be able to see... Her own body... In a reflection."

Dan touched a half dozen symbols, expertly navigating the spirit realm to her bedroom, where she had been casting. It was still full of lit candles, and glowing crystals. What she didn't see, however, was her own body.

"Oh, Sin. Where have you got to?"

Morgana laughed, leaning on her shoulder and reminding her that Sin was shorter than she was. "She spent all that time looking at the dinosaur, and now she looks like you."

Dan turned the mirror off, and sat down glumly. She reached up and tapped the clasp on the hat. She wouldn't be able to confirm it actually was Sin that ended up in her body this way, but it was better than nothing.

"Sin. He's tired. Stop flying."

Morgana frowned, "I've noticed Sin do that. Does it mean something? Or just a habit of Wizerian witches?"

Dan popped her cheeks, "An invention of Kim. It lets us talk to each other. It might not work across leylines, but Caerlorne is on the edge of the same one as Wizeria, isn't it?"

"Close, but no." Morgana smiled, "Caerlorne is on the intersection of all the leylines."

Dan looked up, "And you brought Sin here? Were you wanting things to blow up?"

Morgana glared, "That is not something to tease about. Sin is the necromancer. She deserves more respect, especially from someone she considers to be a friend. You don't know me, and you're treating her like this?"

Dan smiled, "Wait for it."

Morgana cocked her head, "Wait for what? There is nothing to realise."

Dan leaned back, counting down the seconds in her head. Sin's head. It did really feel strange to be in someone else's body. Everything about Sin was smaller. More frail. How did she manage to not break bones in this fragile thing? Leaving that aside, she was fairly certain that if she had turned up in Sin's body all alone, she might have been a little wild, too. She couldn't hold it against her.

"Dan."

She smiled up at her own body, "Took your time. See, Morgana?"

The witch in black nodded slowly, "How did you know that Sin was looking in on us? To hear the insult?"

Sin blew up Dan's hair, "Because I always do. Doesn't mean you get to be so mean."

Dan rolled her eyes, "Right, and you would have willingly put Brutus back in his nest?"

It was weird to see such an embarassed pose on her own body. Weirder yet to see Sin's cute actions on a body that couldn't decide if it was more feminine or masculine. It confused the heck out of her.

Sin sat down next to her, "So, I burned most of your mana getting here. Can you switch us back?"

Morgana covered a laugh.

Dan winced, "I... Didn't do it on purpose."

Sin spun to stare at her, "Wait, what? You actually screwed something up? What were you trying to do this time? You only mistakes about -"

The witch cut herself off and took a deep breath, "So how do we fix this? Not that I mind being bigger, but you got like, no magic."

Dan felt her face flush red, "That's what you notice about me? I tried to get rid of those things!"

Sin smiled sheepishly.

Morgana sat down across from them, "Amusing, truly. But have you forgotten that an angry lich is attacking tonight? We need Sin's mana reserves."

Dan frowned, "It'll take me days to work out how to reverse this. And I'm an animancer, not a necromancer."

"You got my body. It knows how to do necromancy." Sin replied, shrugging, "So I guess you need to do stuff for me."

Dan looked at her flatly, "I can raise the dead about as well as you can make a flower bloom."

Sin grinned, "You're cute when you're mad."
