# Episode Twenty Nine: Sin vs Morgana

Dan was a thoughtless, talentless, stupid ass.

Sin had given up stamping her foot in frustration with how terrible the attempts at necromancy were. Her foot hurt. Dan's foot. Why did Dan have so little magic? It sucked. At this rate, they'd have to run away from the monsters, rather than reminding them that witches are witches, and just because a lich had magic did not mean that he was boss.

It didn't make much sense to her. She knew Dan had plenty of magic. She'd seen the woman in tournaments for years. She'd been disgraced whilst Dan rose to the top of the animancy coven. One day, Dan would be the head of the coven. How could someone who was all but guaranteed to become a godmother have so little magic to hand?

It had to be something to do with the swap. Something to do with how there was now a soul and body with different magical affinities. Maybe that was why Dan was acting like a complete dunce.

There was an easy way to find out.

"Do you have a seed somewhere?"

Dan spun around, "No. You can't."

"I can if this body likes animancy more than necromancy. If I can't, then maybe I can excuse your total failure to even see a ghost." Sin snapped, glaring.

She was upset with Dan. Not just because of the poor timing. She felt violated, being shoved into someone else's body. Especially one that wasn't even a girl. It might have girl parts, but it wasn't a girl's. Not anymore. Dan might not understand it herself, but she wasn't always going to be a her. She was changing.

Dan sighed pulling out Sin's wand, and started intoning again. Sin gritted her teeth, trying to stop from screaming. The spell wouldn't work that way. She walked over, straightening her own wrist, and lifting her neck, and broadening her shoulders. "You are dealing with things that can understand you! Just because they're dead does not mean that don't want some bloody respect!"

The hedgewitch leaned up against a wall, shaking her head. She knew that necromancy was difficult. She hadn't been able to do much with it in her first few years. She was being harsh with Dan, but she was the one who had decided to interfere in a warzone.

Morgana leaned beside her, watching the witch practice, "Is it okay for her to waste the magic? We need it."

"It's useless to us if she can't use it." Sin whispered quietly, "Unless you have any other ideas? I'm... A bit upset. Not seeing things clearly."

Morgana smiled, "Return to the male form. It would be somewhat disturbing."

Sin glared at her, "Return?"

"Just an expression." Morgana said off-handedly, letting know that it was in no way, shape or form an expression. Not that it would make much sense. All people were born female first. The male was a mutation. Might be necessary, the entire race depended on both male and female halves, but the world rarely cared about things like that.

Morgana tapped her fingers on the wall for a moment, "There might be another solution, actually. A link. Linking is difficult, and uses a great deal of mana, but once it is done, you will both be able to use the mana of the other one, to a certain extent. Faster than waiting for that body you now wear to recharge."

Sin smiled sadly, remembering flying in the skies, alone with the pterodactyl. Dan had given her a beautiful gift, if only for a moment. She would miss that moment. However, she had things she needed to do. People that were relying on her to turn the tide against a total unknown.

"Linking is permanent." Sin whispered, "Dan will always be able to feel what I feel. To know where I am. Some who have linked have even managed to exchange thoughts, at times."

Morgana smiled at her, "Is that a problem?"

"Yes." Sin stated firmly, "It is."

The witch laughed, "Not going to elaborate, are you?"

"I know who you are." Sin replied, shaking her head. "I don't know how, or why. But I do know your name. Hasn't changed too much. Helps when you don't move around a lot. Which means I also know that you are about as trustworthy as a rose. Beautiful, but will stab you, if you're not careful."

Morgana chuckled, "Yes. That sounds about right. Though, of course, you know that I can guess. Certain private thoughts and emotions that it would be better that Dan not be constantly exposed to."

"You're a witch." Sin said angrily, "You know that I'll make the choice to protect this city, over my own privacy and happiness, don't you?"

"Yes." Morgana nodded slowly, "Though, if you have another solution, I'll take it."

"Kim might help, but it won't help a lot." Sin mused, "She could make maybe a dozen golems, this close to all the leylines. Better than nothing."

"Chloe?"

Sin gritted her teeth, "No."

Morgana nodded slowly, "I am sorry about her health."

"She'll be able to start casting again, in a few weeks." Sin sighed heavily, "If anyone can break the curse, it'll be Hera. My godmother dwarfs my ability with magic."

Morgana smiled at her, "I do remember."

Sin sighed heavily, taking Dan's white hat off her head and spun it idly in her hands, "How do you do it, Morgana? Keep fighting for a city for this long? When they barely appreciate you at all?"

"The witch burnings get old fast." Morgana agreed, "But they are my people. I've become more attached to them, over the years. Not less. I adore them. I love them, faults and hatred and sporadic plagues. I take the good with the bad. Some witches speak as if we're denied love, but we're not. We may not be able to have our special one without losing our magic, but we can have cities and generations of people that are all our own."

Sin looked mildly amused, "Romantic view, for someone as old as you."

Morgana shrugged, "I wouldn't have lasted this long without a little romance."

Dan sighed, turning, "What are you two talking about?"

Sin glared at her, "Practice. Or you and I will have to link."

Dan spun back around, fear written on Sin's own features as she tried desperately to cast, causing the spell to blow back in her face, singing her hair. Sin glowered. Her hair might look unkempt, but she did try to take some care of it. Dan might even have burned her eyebrows.

Morgana leaned on her shoulder, "You know who I am, then? Fully."

"Only a little." Sin replied, "I'm not sure I can learn five hundred years of history in the space of a few days. You're complicated. I can't judge you, Morgana. I won't."

"That wasn't my fear." The witch replied, "Rather, I was thinking of a promise I gave my godmother."

"You mean your older sister?" Sin replied, "Morgause?"

Morgana's face drained of colour, "Where did you hear that name?"

"I read it. In the Eternal Library." Sin shrugged, "They have a lot of pretty books. Old books, too. Including the coven history of the Morrigan. Morgause's godmothers were Baba, Macha, and Nemain. Interesting family history."

Morgana's hands curled into fists, and she glared at Sin, "Never speak any of those names again. Do you understand me? You risk death by -"

"Speaking the names of the people who murdered me last time around? And the time before that?" Sin sneered, "Yeah. Don't much care, Morgana."

The witch went very still, "How... How do you know all of this? From the Library?"

"No." Sin shook her head, and smiled over at Dan, "Memories. There was a reason the animancers teased and bullied me. Not just because I was a bad witch. Because I was a bad witch and used to tell stories that no one believed. That I would one day be the best witch in the whole world."

Morgana relaxed slowly, "You mean it, don't you? You play around and laugh so much. Everything is a game to you, but you know who you actually are."

"I am Sin." She snapped, "That's my name, Morgana. No matter what has happened, no matter what will happen. I am just... Sin. The little witch who serves the lower quarters of Wizeria."

"You were born here." Morgana insisted, "Caerlorne is supposed to be your home."

"Fun for a visit." Sin replied, holding out her hand and concentrating, causing a small spiral of air to begin moving in the palm of her hand, "Hate to live here, though."

"You're just going to reject your entire legacy? Just like that."

"Just like that." Sin insisted, and then sighed, "Done trying, Dan. We cannot afford any longer. Urtr is on his way."

Dan's shoulders slumped and she turned around, "So... We have to link, then?"

"Or I could let you try animancy and blow up every leyline in the world." Sin grinned, "That sounds kinda fun."

Dan swallowed nervously, "You know linking with me... Is going to be dangerous, right? Even if we share bodies to make it easier."

"You're depressed. I get depressed." Sin shrugged, "You're not sure about your gender or sexuality or any of it. I know. Also, Morgana, if you tell anyone about this, I'm telling Morgause on you."

The dark-skinned witch backed away, hands in the air, "Please stop saying her name."

Sin grinned at her, "She's as mean as ever, I take it. Good. That was a real threat."

Dan looked between them, and back to Sin, "One day you'll have to tell me how you manage to intimidate everyone around you whilst remaining cute."

Sin stepped towards her, faces almost touching, "One day, I'll let you ask that question and mean it."

Dan swallowed nervously, "We don't need to be this close to link."

"Just looking at my pores." Sin said innocently, reaching up and touching her own face gently, "I think I'm about to have a breakout from the stress. That sucks."

Dan was barely breathing at all.

Sin smiled and wrapped the first layer of the spell around the both of them, "Duo en unum!"
