# Episode Thirty: Kim vs Boredom

"What is it?" Solomon asked as she placed the mirror in front of him. Six rune stones grew out of the table's surface. Small, no larger than a fingernail. Kim grinned at him, "These four move you around, and these two let you look left and right."

Solomon sighed, "A new kind of viewing mirror? Or an adventure game? Because if it is the latter, I could never get into those."

He was answered a moment later as words appeared floating in the middle of the mirror. He sighed heavily, "Do I have to play?"

"I promise, this is nothing like any adventure game you have ever played." Kim grinned, "In fact, I don't think it is like an adventure game at all. We'll have to call it something new."

Solomon slumped in the chair, waiting. Right up until a ghoul appeared in view and attacked, visibly cracking the mirror. He jumped, backing away, "Turn it off!"

"Dude." Kim blew her hair, "It's still a game. That's not real. It hasn't even cracked, it's just an image projected by the game."

The mirror turned red, and faded out with the words, "You died. Try again?"

Solomon turned to her slowly, "You've found a way to project three-dimensional images that don't actually exist. How?"

"It's a simple-ish technique." Kim shrugged, "Converting three dimensional objects to two dimensions by measuring what the view from the mirror should be. It uses about half the memory of the mirror, the other half of the mana capacity plots your movements and the monsters."

Solomon leaned forward and tried to play, quickly being massacred before he could fully grasp the controls, but he lasted long enough to run away, this time. He frowned, "What about being able to fight back? I don't want to just run away."

"Another rune appears when you earn the ability to shoot." Kim nodded, "I couldn't get melee working properly, so it's mostly projectile weapons. Magic, and bow and arrows, that kind of stuff."

"Every half-serious tekmancer is going to want to get one of these." Solomon shook his head, turning to her, "This is amazing."

Kim grinned at him, "You're thinking too small. I'm pretty sure that because it requires no magical ability, or knowledge, and is pretty easy to learn... Anyone might want one of these."

Solomon tapped his chin, "This is... Revolutionary. Amazing."

"You haven't seen anything yet." Kim grinned, putting a second mirror on the table. As she did a yellow rune rose up out of the table between them. She tapped it, and a message appeared on both screens.

"Activate Interlink Connection?"

Solomon put a hand to his mouth, "What? These things can talk to each other? What does that do?"

"Click 'yes'." Kim instructed him, as she agreed to the question on her own screen. As she did, the game restarted, and she walked her character in front of his and turned around.

Solomon stared, "I can see something that isn't a monster."

"That's me. Or my character." Kim replied, "Want to crush some monsters together?"

"I want to swear." Solomon breathed out slowly, watching as Kim expertly began killing the beasts that were approaching them, tapping away on the runestones with a practiced hand. She'd spent so long creating and recreating and designing and debugging that she knew exactly where everything was, and exactly how to kill it all.

It wasn't the easiest thing in the world, and the game would still punish her if she got distracted, but she enjoyed the heck out of it. The idea of the Interlink had actually come up because when she was working on it the other tekmancers tended to gather around her, watching. It was fun to watch someone else play, but it was more fun to play with them.

Solomon was moving as quickly as he could, but he wasn't a practiced hand yet. He was fighting away, and being a useful distraction for some of the monsters, whilst she took out the bigger and tougher ones.

"Cannot proceed. Lacking blue crystal." He read slowly, "Wait. You put puzzles into this? Seriously? I can't understand the coding on that. You have to track the views, the monsters and how they behave, and some kind of... Player inventory."

"Already had an inventory. Your weapons." Kim replied, "Adding to it wasn't that hard. You can hold nine items, which does take up nine of the memory blocks, and this device does only have about two hundred memory blocks, unless you buy extras. The game usually uses about a hundred and fifty, so it isn't a problem. I've slimmed it down as much as I can. Reusing assets, and combining them in memory and so on."

Solomon nodded, "Well, I have to say, I love it. How much for one of these?"

"Not for sale, yet." Kim replied, her eyes focused on the gigantic demon in front of them as she dodged fireballs, "See, I know the controls and everything work for this game, so it should be able to work for others. Same game, but different level layouts, and monsters and so on."

"You're trying to generalise it." Solomon nodded, "To make the expense hurt less, and to make it easier to make the next versions. That makes sense. Doing that with magic circuits though, has to be hard."

"Difficult, not impossible." Kim agreed, "I'm thinking that the game should be stored on a crystal shard, and if there's one in the mirror, it automatically tries to load the data in the same way each time."

Solomon shrugged, "Sounds like you've got it handled. So why call me in?"

"To fight monsters." Kim replied, "I thought it would be fun."

He laughed, "And here I was, thinking you wanted my business sense."

"Your business sense is telling you to invest, already." Kim replied, "That's not a question. I could put this in front of a dozen people, and half of them would agree to pay whatever I asked. The other half would call me a nutcase, but there's always idiots. I already have investment, though."

Solomon nodded, flinging a flurry of arrows into the center of a floating eye, "You are right, though. This is really good fun. I can see a few ways to make it more fun, like jumping or being able to look up or down, but they're probably massive technical hurdles."

"For the next game." Kim agreed, "This one is almost ready to go on sale. Just need to work out the sharding system properly, so that the next game can come with custom circuits if I find I need to extend the base system."

Solomon took the end level flag and plunged it down through a skeleton, winning the level for them. He grinned, and then his face fell as he compared his score to the high scores displaying. "These aren't real, are they? More like goals?"

"We're connected to the Interlink, so they're real." Kim retorted, "See the highest score, CHO? That's Chloe. She's holed up in her room at the moment, so I took a prototype up to her. She absolutely blitzed my score."

"The queen is the best player so far?" Solomon laughed, "Not exactly proper is it?"

"I don't want people to think of this as a think for the tek crowd." Kim shook her head, "If even a queen has fun with it, then anyone who can afford one should be able to enjoy it. Plus, there's a couple stallholders who have asked for coin-based versions. One coin per life, or something like that."

"You've talked to a lot of people." Solomon said, sounding hurt, "Why haven't I heard even rumours, yet?"

"A contract." Kim replied, "Which literally prevents you from talking about the game to anyone who hasn't signed it. If anyone else is in earshot, you won't be able to say what you mean."

Solomon frowned, "You going to make me sign it?"

"Nope." Kim relaxed as she died, "I trust you, for some reason. Also, I'm announcing it tomorrow, with a public game tournament. Anyone can play, but the moment you die, your turn is over. I'll have four of these Interlink'd."

Solomon sighed, standing up and stretching as he died as well, "Well, you've outdone yourself. Nicely done."

"I did it for fun, not gold." Kim shrugged, and turned to him, "So, was it fun?"

Solomon nodded, "Awesome fun. But, I guess I better get back to my own invention. Speaking of, if you could build a game version for that... And Interlink it... We could have people running around in an arena fighting make believe monsters."

Kim frowned, "I'm still not convinced you can make it work. The power source is going to be a significant problem. I'm going to open the coding module for this, so Penny should be able to build an interface... But I don't know."

Solomon sighed, "Yeah, I know. Ambitious."

"By the way, remember talking about how military contracts always get funding?"

"Sure."

Kim grinned, "I sold this as a training emulator to them. Replacing monster assets with golems and soldiers."

Solomon laughed, "Wow. They actually bought that? They're nothing alike. I've been in war. It isn't so pretty. You actually care when something hits you."

Kim shrugged, "They did. Which got me the gold to be able to build the first few prototypes. But, as you're thinking of buying one, I think that the final generalised versions will probably be about a hundred silver."

"Crap." Solomon winced, "That's expensive."

Kim sighed, "I know... But the hardware alone is eighty silver for me to mass produce in the factory. Without the custom tooling I had to build to make them. It'll take me a little while to earn back the investment."

He nodded and stepped towards her, "I get it... But you don't have to just talk business with me."

Kim frowned, looking him up and down, "Then... Ask me out."

Solomon blinked, "What?"

"I'm not asking you on a date." Kim stated, "If you want that kind of relationship with me, and I think you do, then you have to be the one to ask me out. Show me that I won't be the only one making an effort."

Solomon frowned, "I... Can I think about it? Or is this a one time offer?"

Kim sighed and turned away, "I guess you can think about it."

"I just don't want to accidentally cause a war. I'm still an inventor from a rival city. If they think you're trying to poach me, it'll cause political problems. And I don't want to see your home burn."

She sighed, "I hate that politics touches my life. Really. Like a golem core blowing up. But, fine. I get it."

"I was telling you I want to." Solomon offered sheepishly.

She turned and smiled, "I get it. I might not like it, but I get it. I guess Sin is rubbing off on me. She acts first, considers second, or third, or not at all."

Solomon winced, "Sounds like a dangerous way to live."

Maybe it was.

Sin always seemed to be able to pull it off.
