# Episode Thirty One: Chloe vs Diana

As Diana took the blood sample, Chloe fought with the very nearly overwhelming desire to hiss at the woman and then jump into the air, turn into a bat, and fly down the hallway. Which was impressive, considering she didn't know how to turn into a bat.

The animancer held a vial up to the light and shook it. Black flakes appeared and began sinking to the bottom of the glass. Diana sighed, "You remain sensitive to light. I recommend you continue to avoid direct exposure. What about your fangs?"

"They're bigger." Chloe said, reaching up and touching the teeth that no longer fit in her mouth. They were beyond hiding, so she had glamoured herself around the staff and was refusing to see strangers. The people wouldn't like it, but they would like a vampire queen even less. Burning her at the stake sort of less.

Diana lifted her chin roughly, musing to herself, "I would say we have six months before the curse fully engulfs you. Probably three until you will be unable to resist the urge to kill. It appears to be accelerating. I am uncertain why."

"Exposure." Chloe winced, "One of my suitors. I do actually like him... But the vampire -"

"Understood." Diana held up a hand. She didn't comment, but Chloe knew the woman was disgusted by the idea if a witch giving up herself to become like everyone else. No matter what that reason might be. Which was odd, considering she had a daughter.

"I've never asked before, and I won't command you to answer, but how are you Danniere mother?"

The woman frowned, hands settling quietly into her lap, "You may not tell my daughter."

Chloe sighed, "I hate secrets."

"Danniere was not conceived in the usual fashion." Diana continued, ignoring that Chloe hadn't agreed to her terms. As if the witch was desperate to get it off her chest, "She is the culmination of the Animancy Coven. Nearly a thousand years of our history lead to her birth."

Diana smiled sadly, guiltily, "I was chosen as vessel for a rite, when I was not yet one of the godmothers. I was like my daughter is now. A promising apprentice, who would become a godmother one day. The rite took two years to perform. I was kept in isolation all that time. No food or water or freedom was given to me. I was sustained by magic alone, chained in place."

Chloe wasn't sure she wanted the hear the rest. Her stomach was churning just at the thought of one witch doing something like this to anyone. Yet, an entire coven had sacrificed their basic humanity for the sake of this rite. She needed to know why. So she could find out if they would try, again.

"I gave birth to a daughter, the moment the rite ended." Diana said, breaking into a smile, "A beautiful baby girl. The hope of all of us. Danniere was born to lead the Animancy Coven, but she was also born to be the fulfilment of a prophecy."

Chloe winced, "No. You didn't."

"We we controlled everything." Diana said, looking down in shame, "That we created the vessel for Artur's return. But even among us, we cannot create life from nothing. It requires a seed, a soul."

The witch fought back tears, "Danniere's soul, is a half-soul. The other half remained in the child we stole it from. We did our best to care for both, so that they would continue to live, and they did, but for both to thrive, they needed each other. They only thrive together."

Chloe looked at the woman, feeling betrayal and hatred and distrust. "You took Sin's soul."

"They are each other." Diana sighed, "They cannot exist without the other. Even whilst they sometimes hate each other... They need each other to be whole."

"This is why you didn't fight for Sin, against her godmothers. They knew what you had done." Chloe stated angrily.

"Yes." Diana nodded, "In fact, apparently they were resurrected because of the rite we performed. We triggered a failsafe. And those three have done a miraculous job of protecting a girl, who has grown into a powerful witch, that I am so proud of... A witch that hates my very existence."

Chloe looked at her, "And you made sure that Sin had no reason to doubt that hate. Because you know you deserve it."

"Yes."

The queen sighed, "You do. You deserve far more hatred than she has ever given you. You have done evil that if I had known, I would have executed your entire coven. If I didn't need you now, I would. I'm still considering it."

Tears began dripping down Chloe's face has she felt the rage building, demanding that she kill the monster in front of her. "Dan is only half-alive because of you. Sin is half-dead because of you. She is a necromancy because you ripped apart her life. Literally. Your coven tossed aside all sense of decency to create an act so evil it shook the foundations of the Underworld and woke up the dead."

"My godmothers were all killed that night." Diana stated roughly, "Do not pretend to know whether the world has chosen to pass judgement on us or not, queen. You are about to join the undead. Are we any worse than your existence?"

"No. You're not. You're equal to it, and I am an abomination. I know I deserve death, Diana." Chloe stated bitterly, "I am the least evil choice, that is all. That is the only reason I have not yet slit my own throat."

Diana sighed and looked down, "Nothing you have said is false. I cannot allow you to destroy my coven. I assume you understand why."

"I wouldn't. I'd tell Sin."

Diana looked up at her, "And that child is a threat to us? Her failures are my own, but she is a failure."

"No." Chloe grinned, "No she is not. Because you morons actually found the incarnation of Artur. You didn't need to do the rite. In fact, you probably screwed up the prophecy whilst you were at it."

Diana looked at her in confusion, "No. Hyacinth is of the bloodline, and that is why she was chosen. But that is all."

"She's slept over before." Chloe rolled her eyes, "I'm pretty sure normal girls don't have nightmares about five hundred year old battles."

Diana looked at her true fear, and swallowed, "The necromancer... Is the reincarnation of Artur?"

"Not anymore." Chloe shrugged, "You ripped her soul in half. So now, there are two."

The animancer winced, "We have broken the cycle, then. We have failed."

"I can't forgive your actions, but you're my healer. I guess I'll just wake up dead when I become too inconvenient to you." Chloe sighed and waved a hand, "Leave. Before I tear open your veins."

The animancer left in a swirl of light, immediately. No arguments.

Chloe breathed a sigh of relief and dropped onto her bed. She really had been about to eviscerate the woman. She had hurt her friends more than anyone would be able to fully understand. She wanted to taste her. To feed on her death.

The queen touched her fangs gently. They were so sharp just touching the tip would pierce the skin instantly. They weren't going away anytime soon, but it almost felt comfortable to have them, now. Her lower jaw had receded, making room for the new addition. Maybe this was just what she was.

A vampire.

She sighed, putting an arm up over her eyes. It was getting so hard to resist, that instinct. She knew she had to keep fighting it. That she could keep fighting it, for now. Even if the animancer was a twisted monster, she knew what she was doing. A full transformation was still months away. If Diana didn't poison her.

"Aw, you look adorable!" A voice piped up, "Are you Chloe? Are you my master?"

She sat up quickly, staring.

In front of her was a woman about her age, covered in stitch marks and grinning. She brushed her red hair and struck a pose, "Sin was making me for you! Sorry about the introduction. Sin is busy off in Caerlorne, so I broke out!"

Chloe winced, looking at her suspiciously, "You're... A zombie. Aren't you?"

"No heartbeat." The woman grinned, "But I'm the liveliest corpse you'll ever meet! Promise!"

Chloe put her chin in her hands. The no heartbeat thing was true. And this was a totally Sin solution to the problem of social isolation. Give her a friend she couldn't eat, and even if she tore them to pieces, wouldn't die either. It was like Sin was handing her a walking teddybear.

"Do you know who you were before you died?"

The woman cocked her head and put a finger to her lips, "Before I died? I wasn't alive before death. I mean, not all these body pieces belonged together. I guess you could say I was lots of people... But now, I'm me!"

Chloe laughed softly, "Right. So, my zombie babysitter, what's your name?"

"Sorry." The woman looked down, "I'm incomplete. Sin tried really hard to bind me to my room... But I got bored, and I miss her. She's so far away I can't even feel her magic."

Chloe looked at her, "You like Sin, don't you? I guess I might miss my mother, too."

"Gross." The zombie stuck out a forked tongue, "I don't like Sin like a mother. Seriously. Of all the images you had to stick in my head, it had to be that one."

Chloe couldn't contain it anymore.

She burst out laughing.
