# Episode Thirty Two: Dan vs Lich

Sin's wrath washed over her like boiling waves. They crashed over her, burying her beneath a mountain of shame. Tearing down every wall that she had spent years building up around herself. Her failure was on display, and Sin's hatred of what she had done was clear. The witch judged her, and she fell short. As she knew she would.

Dan fell to her knees, crying.

She didn't have a right to cry. She was the one who should be punished. Sin had every right to cry. She was the one who was betrayed. Dan had no right to feel so small and pointless, so broken. The world deserved to hate her. She was nothing but a sham and a froud. She wasn't the perfect animancer.

"If you keep making that face on my face, I'll have to do something about it."

Dan nodded, wiping away her tears and stood up slowly, "I'm sorry."

Sin flicked her forehead, "Dummy. That's not what I mean. We've got no time. Lemme at my necromancy."

Dan breathed deep, steadying herself, and then pushed gently against the link inside her head, opening it like a follower. Layers peeled away, and she felt the mana begin to flow, connecting them both. She could feel the two kinds of magic flowing passed each other, seperate, unable to be mixed.

Her own face grinned at her, "And now, you've got animancy, and my mana. Shall we go rip a lich's face off?"

She couldn't join Sin in either the excitement for violence, or the excitement for encountering a lich, especially one that could not be bound. That just seemed like the kind of fight when half the witches in the world should have been gathered to put him down.

"Don't be such a turnip." Sin stated, reacting to her feelings of caution, "There's three of us. And though Morgana sucks even worse at necromancy than you, she's not a bad animancer."

Dan remembered the dragon transformation potion from the competition, and raised an eyebrow at the witch, "So, what is your plan for defending your city, tonight?"

Sin grabbed her hand, "Boring. Creepius summonae!"

Skeletal hands grabbed her legs and dragged her down into the ground before Moragana could answer. Not that she could hear the answer over the screaming. She moved through the rock, tumbling, her only assurance the hand holding her own.

Dan burst out of the soil coughing up grave dirt, and slammed a fist into the ground, "Sin!"

Her body looked at her from nearby quizzically, "Yes?"

"We needed to talk about a plan."

"Don't be boring." Sin glowered at her, and then turned, "Welcome to the cemetary! He's been busy. Stealing bodies out of graves with the same summoning spell I used to get you here."

Dan stumbled upright, "Lichs are experts in necromancy, aren't they?"

"Old ones are. He is old." Sin frowned, "Urtr. I know I looked him up in my Book of the Dead, but it never says much. I'm sure that I remember that name from somewhere..."

"Witches have come to die." A voice rasped as a fog sprang up around them, "Witches always come to die."

Sin rolled her eyes, "Oooh. So very creepy. Like a bag of dicks. Because that's all you are. Amassing power, stealing bodies. Stuffing souls into them. You're just a bag of dicks!"

Not a tactic that Dan would have used. Childish insults against a powerful entity wasn't something she would have ever tried. Using magic against a lich required caution and forethought and it was apparent that Sin was as impulsive as ever and seemed to forget she didn't have that much mana to call on.

An area of fog cleared, revealing a ghoul-ish figure in a cloak, with a burning aura of magic. It laughed, a rough and horrifying sound, and then pointed a finger, "You shall die slowly for your insolence."

"You're being boring."

The lich froze up, confused. Sin put a hand on her hip, and repeated herself, "You are being boring."

"Insolence!" The creature screamed, and then held up its hands, "Oblivia darkus!"

Sin waved her wand tiredly, "Mobius dimensia. Is that really it?"

The lich waved his hands before the blob he'd sent hit him, "Asvestus columbinius!"

Dan smiled slowly at Sin as she realised that this battle wasn't actually about power. If they could end it before they ran out, it wouldn't matter. This was a battle of skill, and skill was something she had. Because as Sin had her necromancy back, so too, did Dan have something of her own.

"Nunc germinare!" She pointed the wand, and vines sprang up out of the ground, attempting to seize the lich. He knocked them aside, poisoning them, but as he did, Sin shot forward and grabbed him by his chest bones.

The witch glared down at him, and then headbutted him.

The lich fell backwards in confusion. A witch wasn't supposed to use a physical attack. They were supposed to hang back and cast magic after magic. Dan took the opportunity, casting again. Vines sprang up through the creature's chest, tying him down to the ground.

"Et flore!" Dan shouted. The vines shivered and flowers began to bloom across the surface, releasing pollen that blocked one's connection to mana.

Sin jumped backwards, out of the way, and smiled at Dan, "See. You don't need to be boring. You just need to know what to do."

Dan disagreed. Knowing what to do came from careful planning. This improvisation scared her, and she knew that the creature was far from bound safely in a circle. He was one angry burst of magic away from killing them, like he had been before.

The lich laughed, "You have no power here, Selene Arturaelorne. I was born to this place! I lived and died here. My soul belongs to -"

"Arnive." Sin interrupted him, "Right? I knew I remembered your name from somewhere. You stole her, from Gor. Murdered Gor, really. But you loved Arnive more than anyone else. You promised her eternity together. You promised!"

The lich went quiet, "Arnive? Is that her name? The fleeting face I see at dawn's first light. A beauty, unsurpassed."

Dan was struggling. She knew the names. She didn't know how Sin knew the names. Dan had spent years in her family's library, pursuing the legend of Artur. Gor and Arnive were the parents of Morguin, and another unnamed witch. Well, rather her name had been burned out of the books. A king had killed Gor, and taken Arnive as his bride, and together, they gave birth to Artur.

Was Sin seriously suggesting they were fighting Artur's father?

Sin knelt down next to the lich, "Arnive is gone. She's waiting for you, beyond the veil. You stayed to protect her, but that time is over."

The lich glared at her, "I know you, beast. You are the child. How can you live, whilst my love is dead?"

Sin touched the skull gently, as if stroking his cheek, but she didn't say anything. Dan could feel Sin's fear, but also her compassion. She really did care for the soul that had lost itself in the corruption of the lich. Sin was gentle, and kind, even for the dead who were trying to kill them.

The lich shivered, and then breathed out slowly, a blue light dispersing from its mouth for a moment. Dan looked at it in wonder. She had never heard of a lich giving up its life willingly, to move on. You had to either banish them, or destroy their soul. The never moved on.

Who was she?

Sin stood up and turned around with a grin, "Well, that was fun!"

Dan's jaw dropped, "Wait, what? That's all you have to say? What the heck just happened here? How did you know all that stuff about Arnive?"

"He was a warlord who kidnapped a princess, but then had two kids by her. They had a daughter and she didn't conveniently die." Sin shrugged, "So... He had to actually care about his princess. And being male, he probably swore some vow or another to protect her."

Dan let it go. She could also feel the deceit and worry in Sin's emotions through the link. She had a feeling she was about to learn just how often Sin lied to her, and she wasn't particularly comfortable with that knowledge.

Sin paused as she stood next to her, looking down, "There are things it is better not to know, Dan. I'm sorry."

Dan smiled at her, "Well, I caused all this. I guess I can take that."

"Not all of it." Sin sighed heavily, "I'm still ridiculously pissed off at you, so don't forget that... But your mother is also kind of to blame. We were already linked, in a way. So when you tried to phase your body in and out, your soul jumped to me. Which kicked me back to yours."

Dan grabbed her shoulders, "Stop being vague. This, I need to know."

Sin looked up at her, "You don't. You will hate yourself more than you do. And I am not losing you just because you feel the exact opposite of the way we all picture you. We know you have failings, Dan, but you're important to me and Kim and Chloe. We need you."

Dan shook her head, "I don't care. You have to tell me."

"No." Sin refused, and Dan could feel the heartache across their bond. There was only one reason that the witch was being so stubborn. Whatever she was hiding, whatever Dan's own mother had done, had hurt them both. It would hurt Dan beyond her expectations to know it.

"I will find out."

Sin sighed, "It'd be better to die than that."

Dan stepped backwards, screwing up her face as she fought back tears, "Why won't you tell me? It's important. It might explain..."

Sin glared at her, "No. It doesn't explain my feelings. Or yours. And good luck pretending they don't exist, now that I can feel them. I don't understand why you won't return them. I know you care."

Dan turned away, "I'm an animancer. Things like that can't happen."

"So that's why you tried to become a boy."

Dan felt her heart just about stop, and turned back nervously, "How... How long have you known?"

Sin rolled her eyes, "Dan. My first day of magic training, you went out of your way to tease me before we'd even tried anything. You insulted me before you even knew my name. Which meant I got your attention, and you were looking for an excuse to talk to me. You were an utter witch about it, but I knew what it meant. Even if you made me cry."

Dan flushed red, "So... Every time I hurt you..."

"You could stop doing that." Sin glared at her, "I do kinda hate it."

Dan sighed, "You know it can't happen. Maybe I'm just -"

"Building walls." Sin snapped, "I know. I also don't care. I accepted you as a friend, Dan. I'm not going to push. I told you how I felt at the tourney. When I kissed you as I blocked out the sun."

Dan clenched her fists, staring at the ground, "You're so... Embarassing."

"I just know what I want." Sin replied, "And what I really, really want, right now... Is to not be in your body."

Dan nodded, "Let's go find Morgana."

"Since when do we need an escort?"

"She might have ideas."

"I'm in your freaking head." Sin kicked the dirt, "Fine. She might have an idea on how to fix your idiocy."
