# Episode Thirty Three: Sin vs Dan

Lydia looked over as she entered the house, and stifled a giggle. Sin glared at her, "Not one comment."

Her godmother shrugged, "But you look so -"

"Regretus manifestus!" Sin snapped, cutting her off with a spell. Her godmother waved away the images of regret easily, and smiled at her, "So. How is Dan doing?"

"I hate her." Sin replied, "And I'm now also linked. Because apparently she has next to no magic compared to me."

Lydia sighed, and walked over, putting her hands around her shoulders, "Being a witch comes with troubles and tribulations. Necromancy more than most."

Sin nodded stiffly, and looked down at the body she was wearing, "I am not staying stuck in this."

Lydia frowned, "What terrible abomination are you planning, now?"

"I was thinking the Rite of the Homunculus, actually." Sin looked up, "Then put Dan's body on ice, until she can work out how to switch them properly."

Lydia nodded slowly, "The Rite is difficult, and forbidden. Do you think you have the power to pull it off, today?"

"Nope." Sin replied, "I'm probably going to need Hera's help. She's the only one of you has ever managed to pull it off, right?"

"She's the only one brave enough." Lydia corrected, "I probably have the power for it. The precision of the Rite is difficult. Do you really think you can get it right a second time?"

"Fourth." Sin said offhandedly, and reached for a cup.

"What was that?" Lydia said, with a touch of anger. Sin turned around, "Hmm? What?"

Lydia glared at her, "Do you want me to bind you?"

"No." Sin replied, and pulled some tea out of the box and put it into the mesh ball before dropping it into her cup. She tapped the cup twice, "Coques bulla."

Hot liquid sloshed into the cup, and she picked it up, smelling it appreciatively. Her godmother sighed, "Why do you always to push us, Sin?"

Sin sighed, "I'm sorry, do I look like I've had a good day?"

Lydia shook her head, "I am not inactive, Sin. You are not the only person in this house. The least you could do is answer me when -"

"You don't want the answer!" Sin snapped, "It'll make you angry. You know that. So why don't you just let it go? I've heard all the lectures. I know I'm just going to get grounded again. I don't care. I'm pissed off."

Lydia took a deep breath, tugging on her ponytail, "Hyacinth Ras-"

"I was with Morgana. Or Morguin, to use the name you knew her by." Sin glared, "Fighting Urtr of Caer. You remember him to, I guess. He recognised me."

Lydia swallowed nervously, "Sin... Some things you're not ready to hear."

"And some things I don't give a flying fuck about!" Sin yelled, "I know who I am. I am Sin. Regardless of whatever reincarnation I was born as. Regardless of the fact that Diana ripped my fucking soul in half. I know. Okay? I fucking know!"

"Language." Lydia stated, and shook her head, "What Diana did was stupid."

"I hate her for it." Sin replied, "I remember it, godmother. I remember lying there, as a toddler, as they hurt me. Over and over, for days. I remember when Dan first opened her eyes. I know I shouldn't. That I was too young. But I still remember. So when Dan does something this stupid, imagine what I'm feeling."

Lydia winced, "Like she's stealing what is left. I guess."

"Yes." Sin nodded, "So shut up, and let me drink my tea before I give up and start rocking in a corner."

Lydia sighed, "And when you've had your tea, you will apologise for being so rude."

Sin walked away, "Nope."

She stormed into her room, and kicked it shut, "Mulligis atrop."

The witch tossed the white hat to the side, landing it expertly atop a pillar of her bed, and then flopped onto a pile of cushions, and looked at the hot liquid in her cup and burst into tears. She hadn't been dishonest with her godmother, and she still couldn't understand.

Dan was everything that had been ripped away from her life. She was the pieces of Sin that were missing, and always would be. Now that she had Sin's body as well, her coven wouldn't be letting her give it back. They would be trying to crown Dan as the saviour that they had all hoped she would be, before deciding that the experiment had been a failure.

Sin felt something wipe her cheek, and glanced over to see a small teddy bear riding Snowball like a horse. The cat yowled his displeasure at the disrespect, reminding her yet again that he had the soul of a lord.

Sin smiled at the both of them, putting down her tea and grabbed them in a cuddle. The cat tried to bend the dimensions and flip through them to escape her, like all cats could. She held him, crying quietly, and felt her teddy hugging her back even tighter.

She looked up at the ceiling, and let out a ragged sigh. Her life sucked. It always sucked, no matter how bright it managed to get. All she could do was get up and fix it. That was what her godmothers had taught her. It was not possible for things to get better if you let yourself stagnate.

Sin let the two go, and felt the bear crawl up onto her shoulder, and she picked up her tea, glaring at the surface as she tried another raw spell, "Muluceps aperta."

She navigated it easily to Dan, and saw her own body, lying on a bed and balling her eyes out into her pillow. Kicking her feet in a tantrum. This situation wouldn't be helping the depression that Dan was struggling with. A mood that Sin could feel pushing down on her across the link.

She took a hold of the feelings in her head, quietened them, and pushed them back down the link. She saw Dan relax, and fall into her bed, exhausted. Sin smiled softly. She might hate the girl, today, but that also didn't change how she felt about Dan. The girl might have stolen a piece of her soul to be born, but they were very different people. Sin didn't want to imagine life without her in it.

She shifted the tea, looking in on Chloe. Which was a surprise, and a bad one. The queen was sleeping, hanging upside down from her chandelier. Sin had been thinking about constructing an artificial body for her, long before Dan had pulled this crap. Creating a living body to possess was hard, and dangerous. It was also unpredictable. The curse might be able to travel from Chloe's human body and into the much tougher and more powerful construct, which would be bad for everyone.

She also noted that there was a zombie sleeping underneath her, curled into a ball, which was slightly concerning. She hadn't thought they were alive yet. All the same, the basement the corpse had been chained in had been heavily warded against it getting out. Had it managed it, or had someone helped it?

Sin had also given some thought to it because of Dan herself. A body that could be male, just for her. The reason she'd given up, is because she realised that Dan's body was already artificial. It hadn't bent to the woman's will, because the woman wasn't sure if she wanted to be male or female or something else. Her indecesion was what had caused the problem. Better to let her sort out her headspace before risking the world blowing up to create a new body.

Though, that was an interesting angle.

Necromancers had the Forbidden Rite to create an artificial frame for themselves. How did animancers pull it off?

"Bookshelf?"

The cursed object in her room groaned an acknowledgement, and Sin frowned, "Give me... Diana's diary. You know the one I want."

A book tumbled from the shelf, and she slid it over to herself with her foot. She flicked through the descriptions of the rite that they had performed when creating Dan. Most were incomplete. She hadn't been in charge of what had happened, and her godmothers hadn't told her the full implications. Which was animancers all over. Secretive assholes.

Sin paused, recognising a symbol written in one of the margins, and looked at it slowly, and with concern. It didn't belong in an animancer's diary. It was a tekmancy sigil. So their rite had made use of other magics, then. It made sense to adopt tekmancy.

Sin closed her eyes, probing the body she was wearing, and found what she was looking for almost instantly. Dan's magic had felt wrong, and weak. Now she knew why. The mana reserves were the same artificial buffers that Kim used when constructing golems. Which also meant that Dan could continue to cast even when the leyline was inaccessible.

Sin breathed out, opening her eyes calmly. She understood how the animancers had constructed this flesh. They had completely cheated, no wonder everything had gone wrong and killed the three godmothers looking after the rite.

They had tried to take a golem, and rewrite it to be living. An animancy approach, but stupid. You can't create life from no where. The animancers might think you can, but the life they create has lived before. They extract living energy from the memories of the world. Necromancers understood that. The forbidden rite she'd used to make her teddy worked by giving the world a new memory. An illusion, forced onto the world itself.

Sin stood up, stretching, and then stepped into the microdimension she had hidden in her room. She picked a few items off the shelf and tossed them into the centre of the study.

A nearby mannequin began arranging them silently, and she spoke as she reached for a book, "Thanks, Erod."

He inclined his head, "Always a pleasure to serve you, mistress."

"You know you don't have to stay here." She stated, "The others found a new place to live. I could take you there."

"I would prefer to stay close at hand." Erod replied drily.

She turned around and yanked a page out of the book and stuffed it into her mouth, forcing herself to swallow. She felt the body vibrate, and resonate with the pieces of the mannequin lying across the floor in the middle of the summoning circle.

Sin began to dance around it, "By darkest night, by brightest day, these three things unite. Of blood, and bone, and sinew! Stitch the universe together, bring to life where there was none!"

She modified it as the rite began to crackle with power, "Take the two and switch them. Take the hoax and take the false, and swap their places. Flip them inside out."

She blinked, watching as she saw Dan collapse in front of her. She smiled and looked down at the wooden hands, and rolled her shoulders, stepping out of the circle. "And now... Some customisation."
