# Episode Thirty Four: Kim vs Solomon III

She fell onto the couch in the workshop, exhausted. Solomon was nearby, grabbing drinks from an cursed ice bucket. He flopped into a chair, and tossed the bottle to her.

Kim caught it and flicked the metal cap off, and took a swig, finally able to relax. She yawned, "I think we did well, today."

"The Kimiko Processor is going to be a crazy good success." Solomon said, leaning back, "Mostly because of you. You did well to psych the crowd up. There actually was a crowd, for a tek. That's new."

Kim let out a belch, and blushed. She was around a guy, after all. He might accept her as she was, but she still felt an urge to be more ladylike around him. She had really been angry at him, when she first met him. He was still irritatingly arrogant, but she found herself missing him when he wasn't around. She didn't even remember how he'd ended up helping with the launch.

Solomon beat her with a louder one, and slumped even further in the chair, putting his drink down beside him, "Any idea what the time is?"

Kim lifted her wrist, looking at the golem display, "Quarter past six. Why? You got somewhere to be?"

"Investors meeting at seven, tomorrow morning." He groaned, "I need to get going, I guess."

"Screw that." Kim waved, "I'll port you over. Relax. Heck, I'm probably going to sleep on the couch. Wake me up right before you need to be there."

Solomon frowned, "Isn't porting kinda hard? Especially for a tekmancer?"

"Dan's been teaching me." Kim explained, "Just because a witch is from a particular coven doesn't mean that they can't use magic from another. Just means it's harder to pick up."

He yawned, "That... Sounds awesome. Now if only I didn't have to go out and find a food stall."

"One day." Kim mused, considering the idea of using the Interlink to ask for food deliveries. That was the height of laziness, but it was the perfect way to spoil yourself. It might pick up, depending on which food vendors would agree to take part.

She pulled three silver coins from her purse and held them out, "Get me something too?"

Solomon laughed, and took them, hesitating as his hand brushed hers. He smiled down at her, "You're lucky you're cute."

Kim looked up at him, "Are you going to ask me out, yet?"

Solomon's shoulders drooped, "Let's just say the king isn't keen on the idea. I'd like to but -"

Kim grabbed him and pulled him down on her, and kissed him. She had promised herself that she would make him take the first step, but he was an absolute coward. She wanted him, and she was too tired to care about the political fallout.

He didn't pull away, but she could feel him holding back.

Kim broke the kiss and shoved him upright, "Now, go get some decent food."

Solomon turned red, and then nodded, "As you command."

She breathed out slowly as he left. That had probably been a really stupid thing to do. It wasn't just the huge political line in the sand that she had just stepped over. She was a witch. All of her skills were devoted to tekmancy. If she tried to make any sort of life with him in it, she knew she'd end up crossing a line that she just... Couldn't.

"Hey, Kim."

She glanced over, looking in surprise as Sin started going through her equipment drawers. It wasn't Dan. She wasn't so carefree, and she certainly didn't know the first thing about teknomantic equipment. "I thought you and Dan switched bodies."

"Did." Sin agreed, "So I sort of possessed this body, for a while. Just looking for a couple things to upgrade it."

Kim sat up slowly, "Wait. You made a body that can be possessed? From scratch? Sin. That's one of the holy grail's tekmancy. How the heck?"

Sin paused, turning around, "I modified the forbidden rite that let's you bring things to life. It's a pretty dangerous sort of thing. Not something that can be simplified so that you can have people fighting in artificial bodies rather than piloting golems in-person."

Kim nodded, "So... Your godmothers angry?"

"They already were." Sin rolled her eyes and went back to what she was doing, "They're going to be ten times madder by the end of the day, anyway. You got any higher capacity cores than this lying around?"

Kim blinked, "A blue? I guess theoretically you can make bigger, but never had the need. What are you doing with it?"

"Using it to channel me." Sin shrugged, "I can deal with the latency, but I was really hoping to put together a core that would let me do casting without speaking."

Kim stood up, walking over, "Do you mind if I do a scan?"

Sin waved a hand, "I've got this. Relax, Kim. I'll let you check out this body later. You have a date."

Kim went bright red, "Is it a date?"

Sin chewed her cheek, "Huh. Never thought that you would hesitate if you wanted him. Actually, speaking of... Kim? Hold still."

Sin grabbed her shoulders, eyes glaring at her, and she muttered a raw spell. "Muinmos mutirtnoc."

The magic hit Kim, and she screamed, falling to the ground in pain, shaking. Every nerve slowly lit up like it was on fire. Every muscle cramped, cracking her bones as she writhed in the ground, just begging Sin to make it stop.

Sin patted her head gently, as sweat poured off her. Kim glared up, "What the fuck was that!?"

"You tell me." The witch replied, "Since when do you get stuck in a trap? Let alone let someone put a glamour inside your skull?"

Kim swallowed nervously, "Say what, now?"

"Someone cursed you. So that you would see them a particular way." Sin insisted, "Powerful hex. More than I'd expect most witches to be able to pull off. In fact... Is this... Troll magic?"

Kim stood up, clenching her fists as she put it together.

She turned towards the doorway, waiting for the asshole to return, as her magic slowly built up around her. "You probably shouldn't be here for this, Sin."

"Miss you actually seeing what you kissed?" Sin giggled, "Like that'll happen. So how did he hex you?"

"He kissed me, without being asked." Kim stated, "Asshole."

Solomon stepped through the doorway, idly chewing on a skewer of meat, a plate of them in his hand. "Hey, Kim, I found something... Oh, another witch who works way too hard?"

Sin sat on one of the workbenches crosslegged, and put her head in her hands, "I'm a friend. A necromancer. By the way... Nice glamour."

Kim's spell hit the door, and the shutter slammed down into the ground as Solomon turned to run. He turned back, swallowing nervously, "Okay... Yes, I am a troll... I just... Didn't think you'd... Talk to me..."

"Liar." Kim replied, "There are ways to do that, that don't involve bewitching. Because right now, you don't mean dirt to me."

Solomon glared over at Sin, "You broke it, how?"

She laughed, "You shouldn't be taking your attention off her, troll."

He turned back in time for Kim's knee to enter his chest, knocking him over and shattering the illusion. The greasy, slime-covered creature wheezed, rolling onto its size. It stood up slowly, and breathed a lungful of dust towards Kim.

The particles were plucked out of the air by the electricity arcing around the witch. She held up a sphere in her hand, "Troll magic can't touch me, right now. I wonder what will happen if I shove this down your throat."

The thing that had been calling itself Solomon spun around and ran through the steel door.

Kim fell to her knees, "Damn it."

Sin skipped over to her and crouched beside her, putting an arm around her, "Sorry."

Kim shook her head, "It's... For the best."

"We're all terrible at romance." Sin sighed, "Chloe wants to eat hers. Yours was a troll. Mine won't even admit they like me."

Kim blinked back tears, and turned, "So you do like someone, Sin?"

The witch went red, and then nodded, "I... Was planning... On asking them... To let me tell people. When I'm done here. Which is why I need the core. They have some overprotective godmothers."

Kim wiped her cheek, "Godmother? Sin... Do you like another witch? That's almost as bad as me kissing a troll."

"Ew." Sin shivered at the imagery, "Not really. There's a little bit of a destiny card. She has a bit of my soul in her. So we're... Drawn together."

Kim leaned back, "How did that happen? Come on, Sin. I need cheering up."

"Her godmother made her by ripping my soul in half." Sin whispered, and Kim went white as she realised that this love story was one that wouldn't cheer her up, but take away what little faith in humanity that she had left.

Sin looked at Kim sadly, "It was Diana. That's why I can't do animancy. I was born for it, but she stole it. I can do necromancy, because of the crime. Because I am incomplete, I can touch all the forbidden magic."

"Diana?" Kim breathed slowly, "Sin... Dan was created? Does she know?"

"Well, I tried to nick Diana's diary again, to cross-reference some of the things I was doing to customise this body, and couldn't." Sin shrugged, "So... There is a chance. I really she doesn't. She doesn't deserve that hanging over her head. She is as real as you or I. More me, than you, sort of."

Kim nodded, "So... You like Dan."

Sin went bright red, "That's what you got from that?"

Kim shrugged sheepishly, "So... What exactly did you do when the sun went black during the tourney? Dan looked freaked afterwards. And Morgana looked smug."

"Morgana can see in the dark." Sin said bitterly, "I... May have kissed Dan's cheek... And whispered in her ear..."

Kim glared, "Wait. You confessed? And Dan won't even tell you if she likes you or not? Ouch."

Sin shrugged, "Diana is a psycho who ripped a toddler's soul in half. She's banned Dan from having any relationships, and just about went off her rocker when she found that Dan was friends with me. Do you really want to find out what she would do to Dan if she admitted she liked me?"

Kim frowned suspiciously, "So... This power you're intent on gathering... What are you planning to do to Diana?"

"Dan's going to hate me." Sin sighed, looking down, "But for her sake... She has to be removed from the Animancy Coven."

Kim winced, "She will. But... You're right. Dan needs the freedom to be able to choose what is important to her. So she can finally transition and become a he. Or decide that was impulsive and go back. You need to walk on eggshells, Sin. Things have to be Dan's choice."

"I'm going to try." Sin sighed, "But... Diana... Makes me so angry. I always end up screwing things up. The only saving grace so far is that she's intimidated by me. Probably guilt."

Kim nodded, and patted her head, and then stood up, "Also, if you tell anyone I willingly kissed a troll, you will find toad hexes in your underwear for the next year."

Sin giggled, "You kissed a troll."
