# Episode Thirty Five: Chloe vs Zuzu

She waved a hand at her face, rolling over. The irritating something brushed her face again. She sat up, raising her claws and hissing. Directly into the face of the zombie babysitter. The woman grinned at her, as the spittle dripped off her face, "Ready to face the day?!"

Chloe groaned and pulled her blanket over her head, "Bats are nocturnal!"

The cloth was whipped away from her and tossed into the air, and the zombie leapt onto the bed beside her, bouncing her out of it, "Time to get up, bat girl!"

Chloe rubbed her head, sitting up. Again. "Too. Early. To piss me off!"

The zombie leaned forward, "Aw. Are you hungry? I guess I would be too. Where's your medicine?"

"I don't want it!" Chloe screamed, slapping the zombie across the room. She stood there seething with rage, "Give me blood. Now."

The zombie cracked her broken neck back into place and sat up, "I don't think Sin would like that very much."

Chloe twitched, fighting with the instinct, and the zombie pounced across the room, "Heal smash!"

The vial shattered as it hit her teeth, the liquid hitting the back of her throat as she spat out the glass. She shivered, tasting herself. It felt nice. Burning at the back of her throat. Slowly burning into her mana stream, transforming her at the...

Chloe winced, "Oh, crap."

The zombie blinked, "Huh? Oh, that. Don't worry about it."

Chloe glared, "Why? I'm struggling to be human, here."

"Being human is overrated." The zombie shrugged, dropping onto the bed, arms behind her head, "But, count to three."

"What?"

"Now."

Chloe screamed, falling forward and vomiting violently all over the carpet. Blood and black sludge that looked like it might once have been her entrails soaked into the ground. She gasped, holding her burned out throat, and looked over at the zombie, "The heck?"

"Medicine." The zombie smiled, "Diana made it for you, right? I don't like her. Sin hates her. Down to her core. Rare to have a hatred that deep. But, Sin also trusts her to take care of you, so I guess I have to."

"You... Are so weird." Chloe shivered, standing up weakly, and breathed in tiredly. "So, are you just planning on hanging out here all day, then?"

"Pretty much." The zombie replied, "I was made to entertain you, after all. Where you go, the world's liveliest corpse will follow!"

Chloe rolled her eyes, "You need a name."

"Zuzu." The zombie shrugged, "Apparently. Sin checked in on us. She shot me a message, with a name, and orders to keep you company!"

Chloe grinned, "She told you off, didn't she?"

The zombie looked down, her dead skin not flushing, but the embarrassment obvious. "Yes. She wasn't happy with me."

Chloe sighed, "So... Did Sin tell you what to do to occupy me? Or are you just making all of this up?"

"She taught me a spell!" Zuzu said, clapping her hands excitedly, "Something about summoning. Here we go!"

Before Chloe could interfere, the zombie snapped her fingers, and she heard the screams of the Underworld. That was weird. That undead could use magic wasn't totally unheard of, though she'd never heard of a zombie that could. However, even the undead used casting.

A confused prince looked around, grabbing at his pants, which were around his ankles. "What? What?"

Zuzu bounded over to him, grabbing his cheeks, "Aw! He is so adorable! Can I keep him?"

Chloe flicked the zombie in the head, and stood in front of Sammeth, "This one is mine."

Zuzu looked hurt, and then nodded, "Okay. Fine."

Chloe turned back as Sammeth finished doing up his belt, "Sorry. Sin gave me a playmate. She's a bit crazy, and very undead."

"You like me!" Zuzu teased.

Sammeth nodded slowly, "Does she know she's meant to be... Like... A slowly shuffling corpse?"

"Brains taste ick." Zuzu said, ruining the last shred of the stereotype. "But I do like bacon."

Sammeth sighed heavily, "Sin. Of course things aren't going to be normal... So... Why did I get yanked off the toilet?"

Chloe sighed, "Asking the freak."

"Chloe, just admit you like having me around." Zuzu laughed, and then shrugged, "Sin taught me how to summon and banish you. Thought it'd be handy for cheering up Chloe. And she is in a really bad mood this morning."

Sammeth nodded, "Right. Can I go back, now? I was on the toilet."

Zuzu shook her head, "No. Use Chloe's. You're going to play here, today."

His shoulders slumped and he moved off, as Chloe struggled not to feel embarrassed. And tried to remember when the last time the maids had cleaned it. They'd had to cut back on maids entering her room, what with the illness and all. She kept wanting to eat them.

Zuzu jumped up and down on the bed, entertaining herself. It really did seem like Sin had turned the dial up on that creature's energy levels way too high. Overcompensating for a zombie's usual lethargy, she guessed.

The zombie paused mid-jump, "Eh? Do you want to know more about me?"

"Just wondering why you're such a hyper psycho." Chloe shook her head, leaning against a wall, "But, you did say you were incomplete."

"Sin has a few upgrades left for me, but I'm mostly here." Zuzu smiled, "Mostly hyper because I don't eat brains. That's a crappy way to process energy. Sin hooked me up so that I feed directly of the leylines."

That explained it. It also explained why Zuzu could do magic. She was a living magical conduit. "So... Is that why you can do magic with a snap of your fingers?"

"Oh, that." Zuzu waved a hand, "Sin taught it to me. Some sort of secret hubbub she's still working on. Sin is always looking into new magics, she's cute like that. Did you hear she's putting a play together? I can't wait to watch it."

"You could not sit still long enough." Chloe blew up her hair, "So other than summoning Sammeth, what exactly was your plan?"

"To see if I could get him to finally kiss you." Zuzu grinned.

Chloe went bright red, "What?"

The zombie shrugged, "Are all witches this modest? Seriously, boring. You've only got one life to live, girl."

"If I give it to a guy, I lose my magic." Chloe sighed, "Not to mention all the politics of our two cities and..."

"Bore. Ring." Zuzu enunciated, "Besides, it isn't like you have to lose all magic. Just the kind you have now. There's a dozen other ways to have magic. Don't you ever listen to Sin as she talks?"

Chloe frowned, "She's never mentioned anything like that to me."

Zuzu flipped over, doing a handstand, "Take a look at me! I'm dead. I can use magic, can't I?"

"So can a lich." Chloe retorted, "I don't want to die."

Zuzu bent over, breaking her spin to lift her head and shoulders up between her legs, "It just means there's other ways to do stuff. Sin doesn't show off unless she knows she can do it, that it's finished. I mean, right now she's kinda preoccupied with the bodyswap, and your curse, but she was working on a way that you can still be a witch. For you, and Sammeth."

Chloe sighed, "So basically... You're looking to watch cute moments between me and Sammeth? Good luck."

Zuzu unravelled, standing up with a sickening crack, "I may also have messed with your Mana cards, if that's your first thought."

Chloe grabbed them from the desk, looking at the rather erotic images and descriptions now on them, and glared over at her, "Turn them back!"

Sammeth left the bathroom at that moment, "Oh sweet. We going to play a hand?"

Chloe spun to him, "No."

He frowned, "Weird. But okay. What did you have in mind?"

The zombie jumped behind him, and whispered something in his ear, making him go bright red.

Chloe pointed an accusing finger, "What did she say!?"

Sammeth coughed nervously, "Nothing worth repeating. Not in a lady's company."

Zuzu grinned, moving a hand up and down, outside of Sammeth's sight. Chloe blew her hair, again. Today was going to be a very long day.
