# Episode Thirty Six: Dan vs Sin

"Wake up." A pillow hit her face, hard. Dan put her hands over her face, "Mercy, mercy!"

"Geeze. Just get up."

She lowered her hands slowly, glaring up in the morning light, "Sin? What are you doing here?"

Sin grinned at her, "Tick tock."

Dan breathed out heavily, and then stared in surprise, "Wait. You look like you! Did we swap back?"

"No." Sin glared, "This is just temporary. It'll fall apart in a decade or so. So hurry up, get up, and give me back my body already!"

Dan held up her hands, "Okay, sheesh."

She slid out of bed and walked over to her wardrobe, selecting her clothes. She glanced over to Sin, "Do you mind?"

"Kind of." Sin glared, "You always take forever to get dressed. Besides, it's my body. I know every ingrown hair and freckle. You're not going to embarrass me."

Dan sighed, "You're mean when you want to be."

Sin grinned at her, "You're only just learning that?"

The animancer slipped into her skirt, as fast as she could, and shook her head, "No. You're volatile, Sin. Your unintentionally destructive magic is a reflection of who you are."

She felt a breath on the back of her neck and swallowed nervously, and Sin whispered slowly, emphasising each word, "If we don't make any progress today... You'll discover... Just how... Volatile... I really... Am."

Dan felt a chill run down her back, "I take it you still hate me, then."

"Mostly. But the bunny panties are cute."

Dan went bright red, grabbing Sin be the front of her shirt and tossed her out into the hallway. That woman could get under her skin disturbingly easy, and being in her body was not making it any easier. Which Sin knew, of course. The others only guessed at what she felt. Even before the link, Sin could guess what she was thinking. Understand what she was saying when she insulted her.

Damned corpsehumper.

Sin banged on her door, "Call me that again, Dan!"

She swallowed nervously, "The heck? How did... Did you hear that through the link?"

"Nope." Sin spoke through the door, "I just know you, witch."

Dan sighed, finishing getting dressed, and reopened the door. She glared, "You went too far."

Sin smiled, "Too far, did I? Who was it who stole what actually goes into my panties? And who was it who has actually looked to see how we're different?"

Dan dropped her head in shame, "Fine. I get it. You're violated."

"Yeah, I'm going to be pissed for a few years yet." Sin growled, "Now, have you worked out how to swap back?"

Dan looked up, "Actually, maybe. Though... Can I ask what you did with my body? If you're wearing a temporary one?"

"I used immortalis on it and stashed it in a pocket dimension. Inside my lab, which also technically a pocket dimension. So nobody could find it by magic, if they tried." Sin shrugged, "A friend guards the lab, too."

Dan felt some tension go out of her shoulders, "That's good to hear."

"Though, you don't have to go back to it. You could try this one." Sin said, lifting her hands, "I look almost like me, but not quite. You might notice that some of my... Defects... Are missing. This body I made... Projects your self image."

Dan blinked, "That... Are you being nice to me?"

"Just because I hate you doesn't mean you're not my friend." Sin said, looking away, "Besides. I... I don't want to hide what I think about you, anymore."

"Please do." Dan begged, "If my godmother..."

"I will rip out Diana's throat with my bare hands!" Sin exploded, "I have every right to kill your mother. I've been nice, for your sake. But I won't let her look down on us. Our attraction... And I know it's mutual even if you won't admit it... Is the most natural thing. Seriously."

Dan frowned, "I know. That's... How I solved it. The body swap. I took a page out of you book, and stole my mother's book. I found detailed information about the exact make up of my soul, and how to bind it."

Sin went white, "Oh crap. I'm sorry. I am so... So, sorry."

Dan shook her head, "I'm out of tears, Sin. Now I'm just quietly angry. I still like my mother. She is still my mother. But... I guess it makes sense why I hate myself so much. And why I feel out of place, even in my own body."

"No, that's normal depression." Sin smiled, and put her arms around her shoulders, "Hot damn. I do look cute when I'm embarrassed, don't I? Your expression, on my face. That's cuter, I think."

Dan sighed, "And you just triggered the no-boyfriend alarm."

Sin grinned at her cheekily, "No way. That's amazing."

Dan looked over to the door tiredly, and it opened slowly, revealing her mother standing in the doorway. The woman looked at two versions of Sin, one holding the other and rolled her mouth. She breathed in and out three times, and then let out a soft and angry growl.

Sin giggled, "Looking for me, Diana?"

The woman took a step forward, "Hyacinth."

"My name, is Sin!" The necromancer shouted, the carpet beneath her frying as she turned, letting go of Dan. She clenched her fists, "I have been... So kind... To you... Diana. So very kind. My patience has worn thin."

Diana frowned, "Patience is it, little dead thing?"

Dan went to leap between them, but her feet wouldn't move. In fact, she couldn't move at all. She could feel the anger flowing through the link, and Sin's emotions taking control of her own body. Dan was now nothing more than a passenger. Sin was in control of both bodies. And she wasn't blacking out from the strain.

"You beat me. You insulted me. You tried to take what is rightfully mine." Sin glared, "No more. I'm taking her."

Dan felt her confusion skyrocket. What the heck was Sin talking about?

Diana raised an eyebrow, "You're taking my daughter, are you? I don't think you have that right, corpsehumper."

"Gather, gather, rise and remember." Sin chanted quietly, glaring at her mother, "By the Charter, by the holy soil of the shining city, I call you forth to fulfil the contract. Knights of the Table, acknowledge -"

Diana held up her hands, "Stop!"

"Your king." Sin finished, biting off the words with a glare.

Dan felt herself thrust into the ground, onto her knees. She looked up in shock, back in control, and saw a knight standing over her, in brilliant and shining green armour. The green knight. The knight from legend.

She turned, and saw a black knight, and a white knight, standing over her mother.

Sin was surrounded by knights. In fact, they were filling Dan's bedroom, and she had a feeling that there were more, but that they hadn't fully materialised because of the small space.

One of the knights was placing a small golden circlet, with a green stone in the centre, atop Sin's head. What the heck? Sin had asked to be acknowledged as a king, but this seemed different. These spirits seemed living, not dead. This didn't smell like necromancy. In fact... It felt like... Animancy?

"Sin?"

The knights who weren't holding people down saluted, a fist to their chests, "Long live the king!"

Sin glared at her mother, "Never forget. This is your fault. I hold grudges, Diana."

"Sin."

The girl glanced down at her, and smiled, "Sorry, Dan. You belong to me now. I guess that was a tad... Impulsive."

Dan shrugged the knights off, standing up, "What do you mean... I... Belong to you!?"

The knight thrust her back onto her knees, and Sin frowned, crouching, "Yeah... So... You know how your stupid mum made you by trying to force the reincarnation of Artur?"

Dan glared at her, "You always say you don't believe he ever existed."

Sin grinned sheepishly.

"What the heck, Sin?" Dan sighed, "And can you call off your dogs?"

Sin nodded, "You can let go of her. She is mine, after all."

Dan stood up and looked around, "So... Are you always going to be surrounded by knights, now? And do you think I'll ever forgive you for this?"

"Whilst I'm away from Caerlorne, and... Maybe? Probably hold your grudge until you hear me say the next bit." Sin smiled.

Dan tapped her foot, "I'm waiting."

"Respect." A knight said, placing a hand on her shoulder, "You address the King of the Shining City."

Dan scratched her head, "Did you just put King Gwaine out of a job?"

Sin laughed, "He's wearing green, Dan."

She turned to the green knight who had just reprimanded her and noticed a silver circlet embedded into his helmet, also with a green stone and her jaw dropped. "You actually summoned living knights, too!?"

"The Rite of Royalty." Diana said quietly, "Sin used the rite we tried to modify when we created you, daughter."

"She's not yours." Sin glared angrily, and then sighed, "But she shouldn't be mine either. You're free to do as you please, Dan. Your coven has no say in what you choose to do. Your mother cannot attempt to control you, on pain of death. You can have any empty property or land in Caerlorne that you ask for, within reason. I can also set you up with a house in the Dead Forest."

Dan sighed, "You're being nice, but sort of forgetting I wanted to be an animancer. The head of my coven."

"And you are." Sin replied, smiling, "Your own coven. I know it isn't exactly what you wanted, but I won't let you be hurt here. I've seen enough. I mean, a freaking boyfriend alarm? That's cruel and unusual."

Diana glared, "What would you know corpsehumper!?"

A sword was put to the woman's throat, and the knight looked to Sin for approval. She shook her head, and crouched in front of Diana, "You're kinda slow on the uptake, aren't you? The crown on my head isn't just part of the ritual. You are talking to the King of Caerlorne. Really."

Diana rolled her eyes, "And? You're in Wizeria."

"Yes, and the queen is a friend. Which means, I've got that fun privilege. You know... Immunity from small crimes, for the sake of the two cities not going to war." Sin grinned, "Dan might not forgive me if I kill you, but I am not above banishing you to a dark oblivion."

Dan grabbed Sin's elbow, "Fine! Let's go somewhere else, already!"

Sin turned to her with a grin, "Creepius summonae!"
