# Episode Thirty Seven: Sin vs Boredom II

Sin grinned at her assembled friends, cajoled gently into attending with death threats, and raised her arms, "Welcome, the Damned Players, ladies and gentlemen!"

Kim leaned on her hands, "There are no boys here. It's just us."

Sin twitched, and clenched a fist, "Gather, gather, rise and remember."

Dan's hands through up, "Hey! We don't need the wrath of the Round Table right this instant! Kim, apologise."

The tekmancer glanced at her, "Seriously? Are a bunch of knights really that scary?"

"Shut up!" Sin screamed, putting her hands on her hips and glaring, "You said you wouldn't make fun of me."

Kim blew her hair, "Sorry. Fine. Whatever."

Chloe smacked her over the back of the head, "Grow up, Kim. Sin put effort into this. We should be nice."

Sin grinned slowly, "Oh, are you mad about me revealing that -"

Kim went white, "I'll behave. I'll be a perfect little princess."

Sin scratched her head as if she were confused, and then shrugged it off. "The Damned Players rise upon this day of blackened sun to -"

"You're the one who blacked out the sun." Chloe interrupted, "So I could turn up. I don't think that makes it worth mentioning."

Sin stamped her foot, "Next one who talks is getting banished to a dark oblivion!"

Her friends exchanged looks, and Dan raised her wand. Sin grinned and snapped her fingers, "Temporalis borealis."

She held up her fist-full of wands, "Behave. Okay. For five minutes, can you idiots just... Behave?"

Chloe glared, "How did she do that? Raw spells don't sound like normal ones. And she didn't use a wand."

Dan shrugged, "We can't scan for another channel like a crystal, now."

Chloe elbowed the creature next to her, "Zuzu? How did she do it?"

Sin glared furiously, and the zombie twitched, obviously wanting to say everything that she had just noticed, "Sin asked us to be quiet."

"Oblivia." Sin warned, and then her shoulders collapsed, "Oh, whatever. Roll curtain."

She walked to the side of the poorly made stage and sat on an empty wine barrel, dropping her head into her hands. It wasn't like the Players were actually any good. They were just a bunch of dead things that she'd conjured up. They tried, but they couldn't remember being human. They weren't going to be able to portray emotions convincingly.

Snowball climbed into her lap, curling into a ball. The cat almost immediately began to purr contentedly. Sin grinned. That wasn't going to last. The first zombie was stepping onto the stage. He bowed, almost losing his head.

"This is a tale, dear friends, from sombre times. A time when magic was feared, when those born with it were called cursed. A time when even mothers would kill their beloved children, to spare them the pain of being called... Sorceress."

A spotlight appeared on the other side of the stage, revealing a zombie that might almost resemble a female. She was holding a small wrapped bundle and making a coughing noise. It was supposed to be tears, but a zombie can't cry.

"Oh child of mine, I must take from you this life, but I cannot. What crime against the stars have I committed that such a choice is mine, and mine alone? It cannot be, this curse, am I to blame?"

Sin blew her hair, pouting. The Players really over-acted. But at least they were remembering their lines, so far. That was about the only good thing she could say about their dead delivery.

Three hideous creatures summoned up from the darkness of the stage. They were supposed to be witches, but dressing a skeleton was next to impossible. They sort of looked more like ghouls than anything else. The others might take just a tiny bit of offense.

"Give me the child, and I promise I shall make them great and terrible. All will fear their wrath." One said, stepping forward confidently.

The one beside them stepped forward, nearly falling on their falling skirt, "No! Give me the child, and I promise I shall bestow great kindness upon you and every descendant. Your line will never falter."

The last didn't move, instead just shaking it's head quietly, "No. Give me the child, and I promise to teach them how to have a gentle heart."

The woman-ish thing looked up, and spoke with a cackling voice that might have been meant to convey fear, "Such a choice is impossible. I will only give you my child, if all three of you will raise them."

The light shifted as the four froze in place, revealing the narrator, he spoke strongly, "The cunning of this mother was admirable, and true. Yet she could not know the course of human history that she had set."

He was her real success.

He couldn't speak strongly, enunicating each word like a proclamation. Of course, he couldn't actually speak in any other tone of voice, making him sort of a terrible one-role actor. Better than the rest, anyhow.

The zombies began shuffling offstage, and to hide the change of scenery, the narrator crossed to the centre. He spread his hands, "Far away, in the wilds and wastes, the young child grew under the tutelage of her three new mothers. She never knew the one who gave birth to her, or gifted her with power untold."

There was a crash, and Sin twitched as she saw Morgana standing in the middle of the broken stage. The witch in black turned to face her, wand pointing out towards her, "I will not let you tell this story!"

Sin didn't say anything. She could feel herself about to snap. Snowball yowled and ran from her lap, heading far away back home. Probably to hide underneath her bed. The cat knew how to sense the oncoming storm, and right now, that is exactly what Sin was.

Dan coughed, "Morgana... You might not want to do that right now."

The witch glared, "You won't be telling my story, Sin."

"Wasn't, yet." Sin glared, twitching, "This was the birth of Artur, you psycho. I made him into an orphan."

Morgana frowned, "But... The narrator said 'she'."

"Yes." Sin blew up her hair, "In her first life. Not her next. I wrote a freaking tragedy you elemental freak! So, sit down, shut up, and I won't turn you inside out."

Morgana looked at her coldly, "Even the king cannot speak to me like that, Sin."

Sin stood up and stamped her foot, "Enough! All of you piss off! I'm going home."

The witch snapped her fingers again, banishing the actors back to the Underworld, and stormed passed her friends. She could feel the tears about to break loose, but she could hold it. She would. Until she was home.

She'd left their wands behind, but that wouldn't help any of them catch up with her. They were in the Dead Forest, her home. It could feel how upset she was, and was moving around her, closing off the pathway. Rewriting itself to trap them far from her.

She burst into the house, and saw Prune look up from the couch. Her godmother sighed, "They didn't like it, then?"

Sin leaned against the door, biting her lip, and shook her head. She had worked so hard on the play, especially considering everything else that was going wrong in her world. Yet none of them could just shut the heck up and watch.

Prune smiled, "There's an apple pie and an icecream on your bed."

Sin frowned, suspisciously, "Is there dead people in it? Or might have been people?"

Prune sighed, "No. Lydia wouldn't even let me put a rabbit's foot in for good luck."

Sin smiled, "Thank you, godmother."

Then she ran up to her room, so she could eat, cry, and hate the world.
