# Episode Thirty Eight: Kim vs Solomon IV

She leaned back on the picnic rug. It seemed that the forest was so irritated with them all that it wasn't letting them out. Which shouldn't be all that surprising, considering Sin had run off to cry and they were in a freaky part of town.

Maybe she shouldn't have started things off.

She just didn't understand why Sin was taking it so seriously, it was just a play. A really boring play about an ancient story that didn't even have any relevance to today. No real romance, just drama and boys waving swords. She got enough of that being around the workmen.

Dan approached the pile of wands cautiously, and picked hers up. She winced, waiting and then sighed and tossed them to the witches. "I guess she didn't curse them, then."

The zombie flipped overhead, landing on the ruined stage, "You would have all deserved it! Sin worked really, really hard on this!"

Morgana waved her wand, "Silencia. Kim, is it true you encountered a troll, recently?"

Kim sighed heavily, "Eugh. Don't remind me."

"Did you happen to catch a name?" Morgana sighed, "I've been trying to track one that attempted to kill Gwaine down."

Kim sighed, "Solomon. He'd just make one up, though, right?"

"Trolls aren't that intelligent." Morgana said dismissively, "They can't come up with a half decent lie."

Kim looked at her in confusion, "That's... Not true. At least for this one."

Morgana rolled her eyes, "Sure you recognised the species?"

Arrogant twat. Kim knew a troll when she saw one. She wasn't some tiny little witchling. She would be the one to become the next head of the Tekmancy Coven. That had already been voted on and decided.

That being said, she was right that few trolls were intelligent. They tended to be obsessive, extremely violent, and prone to outbursts of rage.

He hadn't been.

Kim stood up, pulling the top button off her dress, "Sorry guys, it is kinda cheating, but it only takes one."

She tossed the disc onto the ground. It expanded as it flipped, becoming a circlet of grey panels large enough to step onto. The moment she did, her body and soul were reduced to a matrix, compressed, and sent through the leyline as a data-burst.

She made a face as she emerged in a cloud of vapour, dripping wet. "Gross."

She paused, looking around at the sleeping workers and smiled. "I didn't mean you, Solomon. If you're willing to come out, I'm willing to talk, niw."

She saw the troll emerge from a shadow,averting his oversized eyes. She glanced down, seeing her underwear through her soaked dress. She gasped and flipped backwards into the nearest golem. "You didn't see that!"

The troll held his hands up, "Fine! Just don't kill me."

Kim cocked her head, and then realised she'd chosen a military golem to hide in. Probably not the best choice for talking to someone she had threatened to kill. Well, planned to kill.

"I won't." Kim spoke through the interface, "I was wrong. You were, too. Embedding a hex in my head. Which I am still mad about. But... I guess I can understand it. You're not like most trolls."

"I am, actually." He retorted, "You folk only get to meet the runaways. The exiled. Most of them deserve what a witch would bring. Our society doesn't have an execution sentence, like yours. We send them away. If they can survive ten years on the surface, they can come back."

Kim winced, "Oh. Not many do."

"I... Haven't been lying to you."

Kim frowned, "Was Caerlorne a misunderstanding, then?"

The troll gulped, causing half his hideous body to move, "Sort of. But I did deserve being hunted."

Kim giggled, "You tried to kiss the king in his sleep."

Solomon scratched the back of his head, "... Yeah."

"Slut." Kim teased.

Solomon sat down, "I guess you're not coming out of there?"

"I'm not exactly back to wanting you to see me naked." Kim stated, "I'm sorry to sound speciest, but I prefer your other face."

Solomon croaked in surprise, and then laughed, "Interspecies romance doesn't work. I'll get over it."

Kim frowned, "Is that the whole male troll lays eggs inside the stomach of a girl thing?"

Solomon sighed, "Witches. Of course you've heard about that. It's a kind of psycho thing to do. Basically rape. And murder. There's a reason those freaks are exiled to the surface world."

"Sorry." Kim said, trying to clear the image from her mind. "If it's a consolation, you do actually kiss well."

"Kissed a few boys, then?"

She went bright red, "No... That's not... Ah! Why do you have to be such a... A..."

"Troll?" Solomon laughed. "I take it I can leave the city without your security system taking me out?"

"No." Kim glared, "You're staying right here. Until I can sort my head out. I'm not going to let myself regret either killing you, or letting you go."

"I don't have any minkpowder left." Solomon said, "I can't glamoyr myself again. These people might have a problem with me."

Kim wheeled the golem forward a little, "Stand next to me. Now."



TODO
