# Episode Thirty Nine: Chloe vs Pudding

She banished Morgana, at least for the day. The witch had been insensitive to the situation, and everyone involved. She hadn't even been invited to the play, and still managed to get everyone stuck in the forest. The worst she had done was to silence the zombie.

Zuzu had been making sense.

Sin had every right to be annoyed at the lot of them. Which was why Chloe was perched atop the frame above her bed, looking through a recipe book. As her godmother had always said, the way to a woman's heart was through her stomach. Or words to that effect.

Zuzu was hanging from the frame, dangling by her knees. The zombie blew a raspberry, "I'm bored. Can't you choose something, already?"

"I don't know what Sin likes." Chloe retorted, "And all I can think about are the red things. Pretty sure she won't like the reminder that I'm sick. I don't want her to think about me at all. I want her to be excited for a treat."

"Good luck." Zuzu laughed, "Sin thinks about you a lot. Not as much as Dan, and she is pretty distracted by that witch at the moment, but she likes you. You're her friend."

Chloe looked down at the zombie, "Are you just assuming or...?"

"I exist because Sin does." Zuzu shrugged, "I'm like... A fantasy or dream or some crap. I don't really understand it. But it means I get flashes of her. Pieces, drifting like snowflakes. Weird, huh?"

Chloe rubbed her eyes, "Remind me not to ask a zombie to explain how they exist ever again. Do you have a favourite food, Zuzu? Looking for inspiration here. So far, I want ohagi."

"Mana-rich food." Zuzu shrugged, and then flipped around the beam a couple times, before stopping at the top, "Something with syrup?"

Chloe drooled involuntarily at the thought of a rich and sticky liquid. She grabbed her handkerchief and wiped her mouth, glaring at the zombie and daring her to say something. Zuzu didn't even seem to have noticed, but then again, drooling might be something that she did when she saw food.

Chloe flicked through the recipe book and paused, "Pudding. Treacle pudding. It's a bit of a rich-person food, but it isn't overly difficult to make. And I don't think Sin will think it's too snotty."

The zombie dragged herself over, "You really like Sin, don't you?"

"She's my closest friend." Chloe sighed, "Or she was, until she started spending her every waking moment on a cure. I know there isn't one. I just... Wish..."

Zuzu crossed her legs behind her head, "You want to spend some of your last days with her."

"Yeah." Chloe fought back tears, glaring at the happy image of the pudding, cursing that a vampire had managed to find its way inside the castle.

"Isn't Hera looking for the cure?" Zuzu asked, "I'm pretty sure Sin is just feeling helpless. That's why she made me. To cheer you up."

Chloe smiled, "That you do. Innocent, psycho, and completely inhuman. You're a bag of laughs."

Zuzu turned her head upside down, "I like you too, Chloe."

She shoved the zombie backwards, creeped out. Then she sighed, looking at the recipe, "I could make this, I think. But probably not without going freakish about the treacle. I can't get the chef to make it for her. Then it wouldn't be my efforts."

Zuzu sighed, "Isn't the medicine working at all?"

"I should have fully transformed a long time ago." Chloe smiled, "That I can still eat human food is a bloody miracle. I'll take what I can get. Though I am kind of surprised that Diana hasn't killed me."

Zuzu paused, "Did... Did you hear what Sin did?"

"She became King of Caerlorne." Chloe facepalmed, "Of course I heard. She's now in charge of one of my most dangerous neighbours. Though, I think she left Gwaine as Regent, so not a lot has changed."

Zuzu frowned, "But some things have?"

"I can't punish her for anything without causing a massive diplomatic incident." Chloe stated, "Which makes me kind of glad that she's been sticking to the Dead Forest lately."

"She hasn't." Zuzu shook her head, "Last few nights, Sin's been sneaking into the lower levels. Visiting families. Not sure why."

Chloe smiled, "That's just what she does. She's their witch. The sneaking is probably just her avoiding Dan, after getting her kicked out of the Animancy Coven."

Zuzu frowned with disappointment, "Is that how you see it?"

"The Coven should be disbanded." Chloe stated, "Sin did Dan a favour, even if she didn't want it. We're getting distracted. I just want to make Sin something nice. Are you going to help or bounce off the walls?"

"Second one sounds fun." Zuzu grinned, "But I don't really bounce so much as splat."

"Please don't."

The zombie grinned at her, holding up a peace sign, "Okay!"

Chloe sighed and went back to flipping throygh the recipe book. She heard a crash, and felt the sunlight burn her hand. The queen leaped backwards, landing between the wall and the roof, hissing.

Zuzu groaned, sitting up as another arrow hit her in the chest. The zombie cursed, and dropped to the ground, looking at the projectiles that would have killed Chloe if they hit her. "This is totally going to ruin my weight. Assholes."

Chloe fell off the wall in surprise at how calm and girly the zombie was being about the whole situation. Someone had just tried to murder her, and she was worried about the weight of a couple arrows sticking out of her? And not the long term damage?

Zuzu's habd snapped upright, catching the next arrow. She glared towards the window, and Chloe swallowed nervously. There was now a shaft of sunlight between her and the door.

"Your Highness, be a good girl and climb under the bed, would you?" Zuzu said with a slow and angry tone that Chloe had never heard from the creature before.

She didn't hesitate.

She heard the window shatter, and flinched as the edge of sunlight appeared, nearly hitting her. She also heard the guttural roar of anger that was more familiar for a zombie. Considering the magic that she'd seen Zuzu pull off every now and then, she pitied whoever had decided to attack them.

It would be interesting to know who tried to assassinate her, but she didn't always find that out. Being attacked out of the blue like this was not that unusual. It was just worrying to think somebody might have discovered her illness. She really didn't want a witch burning. Even if it was because she was a vampire, it might not end there.

Zuzu closed the curtains, and then her excited face appeared below the bed, "All done! They weren't even a fight. So, have you thought of something yummy?"

Chloe rolled her eyes, and climbed out slowly, cautiously. The sunlight was mostly sealed away. It couldn't kill her, yet. It just hurt. Made her skin peel almost instantly. She was still managing to fight off the illness.

Zuzu gurgled, and Chloe turned, staring in fear.

The vampire cocked his head, "Amazing. I can hardly believe it. You really are resisting the infection."

Chloe shook her head, feeling the dizzyness. "Stop trying to hypnotise me!"

The creature who had turned her took a hesitant step backwards, and then smiled, his arm slightly relaxing around the zombie's throat. "Amazing. I could not have imagined this, my queen. Your voice is strong. It shouldn't be. You're not even a new vampire, yet. The older we become, the stronger. That is the way of nature."

Chloe smiled at him, and then she cast the spell.

"Ereclu siugnas!"

The vampire screamed, falling backwards and to the floor. Zuzu turned and looked down at him, "Aw. Do you think he thought trying to kill me was a threat? I can just sew my head back on."

Chloe coughed, leaning against a bed post as she felt the blood running down and out of her mouth. Raw spells had a cost to them, and this one more than most. She'd just burned away a day of her life to cast it. Erased a part of her soul. All the same, she'd just weakened the vampire, as she'd planned.

Vampires always tried to come back, to collect the ones they turned. To assemble an army of loyal servants. Older vampires can command the younger. The older you were, the more powerful the hypnotism.

Chloe, however, had an ace up her sleeve on that front. She was born of royal blood. The power to command was hers by birthright. The vampire in her could reflect that authority that she had. The power to command ran through her veins, allowing her to counter him. She couldn't overcome him, he was still her sire. She couldn't kill him either, or she would die as well.

She only had the power to do one thing.

"Conligo minusmeam!" She screamed, flicking her wand. It was a new spell. Something she hadn't had the time to refine, or even to learn to fully control. However, she had to take the opportunity whilst she could.

To bind something that no longer had a soul.
